Titre : Krasue Guide written by BlueDream47
Auteur : BlueDream47
URL : https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Y6TUZvT56Sxgme8MgxKn8frnmcXm3RHe_kIQqOZnydc/edit
Publication / mise à jour : rédaction commencée le 19/05/2026 (indiqué dans le document)
Consulté le : 28/09/2026 (curl, Google Docs /mobilebasic ou équivalent ; texte extrait, images non incluses)
Trouvé via : https://otzdarva.com/dbd/killer-guides
Statut : EXPERT OPINION (guide de joueur tueur), pas une source primaire
----------------------------------------------------------------
Krasue Guide written by BlueDream47
Krasue Guide
written by BlueDream47
The Krasue is a killer based on South East Asian Folk Lore brought to the game on September 23rd 2025 with the Sinister Grace Chapter. This guide began being written on May 19th 2026 after extensive time playing this killer. Win streaking them and discussing with other Krasue mains. I took a long time testing perks, addons, playstyles and getting many tips from others who figured out tricks to help. This guide does not come from purely my own knowledge. It is a collective of combined knowledge and I will credit those who helped me form this below. I believe the Krasue to be one of the more complex killers in Dead by Daylight and I only wish to help people improve on their gameplay with her so they can see the potential of how strong she can really be.
If you are reading this I hope this guide helps you.
- Credits: Triplestryke1, Heart4Nikao, SpookyWaffles, Amivii
Introduction to the Killer
(Before I begin telling you how to play I believe it is important to find reasons WHY you might play or reasons why you may like this killer more than others. Nothing will help you learn faster than having motivation and drive.)
Lore
“ Burong Sukapat’s operatic rehearsals in Thailand were a sea of emotion, but despite tiring efforts she was unable to become anything more than an understudy. What started as a desire to share her gift, became an unshakable need for fame. Her childhood friend Janjira was her biggest supporter, but aside from a shoulder to cry on, there was little more she could offer. It wasn’t until Malai—a fellow singer who had quickly risen the ranks—reached out, that Burong’s fortunes changed.
Malai presented Burong with a glass bottle, a clear liquid within, and advised her to drink it, her tone deadly serious:
Each night, another will inhabit your body—but you will be a success on the stage like me.
Burong laughed at the peculiar game. Even so, she wanted more than anything to believe its truth. She grabbed the bottle, swallowing every drop.
In the following weeks, Burong’s skin felt softer, and she found a depth in her voice that she never knew existed. During her next audition, the director took notice, enraptured by the sound that rang through the theater. As the song ended, Burong thanked the director before coughing blood into a handkerchief. She stuffed it into her pocket, choosing ignorance. Whatever was happening to her was working—she wouldn’t dare stop it now.
That night, as she slept, a soothing warmth dripped down her body. She bolted upright, hand fumbling for a lamp that wasn’t there. She lay in a yard she did not recognize, covered in blood. Next to her, a ravaged chicken coop, feathers and gore staining the ground.
She stumbled home before the city awoke to a new day. Under a scalding shower, she spit up blood, dreading the thought that this hadn’t been her first hunt. In between heaving sobs, she prodded her abdomen, searching for where something might hide within.
She called Janjira but couldn’t bring herself to reveal the horrors, instead telling her friend she’d been restlessly sleepwalking each night and needed someone to coax her back to bed. Janjira agreed to help.
That morning, Burong awoke to Janjira’s hand lovingly placed on her cheek. As she looked up, she choked on her cries. Janjira’s severed hand fell from the bed, landing on her disemboweled carcass.
For hours, she sat beside her friend’s remains in a state of silent shock. Janjira was dead and for what?
When she couldn’t stand the smell of blood any longer, she grabbed cleaning supplies. As the sun set, a deep stain remained on the carpet.
She walked through the streets until she reached Malai’s home. Malai opened the door and, upon seeing Burong’s eyes, immediately defended herself. She claimed she committed no wrong—she had been cursed, and the only way to be rid of it was to pass it to someone else. She believed that Burong, in her desire for fame, could withstand the torment and achieve what she’d always wanted.
Anger stirred within Burong. She fell to the floor as furious heat spilled over her. Malai stared in horror while Burong dug nails into her own skin, ripping at the burning agony. As she tore chunks of flesh from her neck, her entrails wriggled inside. Her head tore free from her body, a long string of organs dragging behind like fish slapping against the shore.
A seething hunger took over as Burong’s disembodied head lifted into the air. It swooped at Malai, ravenously mauling the woman until nothing remained but blood, hair, and bone. Burong awoke to the mess, unable to find the sympathy to shed a tear.
She returned home, allowing her thoughts to swirl until the room filled with light.
The phone rang.
The director’s voice cut through the haze that had settled in her mind. He offered her the leading role. Burong fell to her bed and cried, not from sadness, but relief and elation.
During the evenings on the Bangkok stage, her star shined bright. At night, she fed the creature within, and together they thrived in a world of hunger and song. But the creature always wanted more and one night it was presented just that—a promise of meat, hung on hooks, dripping in tantalizing blood.
And then there was fog.”
Why I play the Krasue
The Krasue is a killer that has so many things going for her. She has decent mobility, high lethality in 1v1 chase and many aspects to her macro gameplay. She is a killer that has a deceptively high skill ceiling and one that requires precise decision making coupled with great understanding of her power both aiming with the regurgitate and utilizing the intestinal whip to have a chance at beating the better teams. Once you have reached a state where you are fluent in both forms she is a killer that feels extremely satisfying and rewarding to play. She is unorthodox compared to many killers but in her own way draws similarities to others. She has a projectile similar to many killers. A Dashing attack power, Mobility power and items to help the survivors against her. Despite many similarities she is completely unique in playstyle and playing her at a higher level is unlike any other killer.
(She can also make survivors dance)
Overview of Power
Body Form: The Krasue starts the trial in Body form. In this form she walks around as a normal woman. She is 4.6 m/s (115% Movement Speed) and has a 32 meter terror radius. She is not much taller than the average survivor in this form. Typically she isn’t very loud but survivors can hear her laughter, periodic singing and voice lines. Her footsteps and breathing even sound similar to a survivor's. In this mode she can basic attack with her Larb Knife like any killer with a normal lunge.
She also has a second ability in this form.
(Body Form) Regurgitate : (Available only in Body Form) The Krasue can hold M2 (Special Attack Button) (RT) (R2) To prepare a projectile. Holding this button she will raise her hand which takes 0.33 seconds and you can aim freely. Pressing M1 (LT) (L2) Will release the leeching gland. Animation time is also 0.33 seconds. After the Leeching Gland is released she will not be able to attack immediately for 1.3 seconds. If she cancels Leeching Gland as well she cannot attack for 1.3 seconds. The Regurgitate has a cooldown of 2.5 seconds until she can spit again. While holding this ability she slows down to 3.8 m/s.
(Body Form) Leeching Gland : This is the Projectile Krasue Spits out. It is a reddish Glob. The Size of the Projectile is slightly smaller than a huntress hatchet. It launches from her mouth at a speed of 29 meters per second. The Projectile itself has a pretty hard drop off at 38 m/s. But has an initial upward pitch given and thanks to launch speed can be sent a considerable distance.
Upon Landing a direct hit with a survivor it will infect them, the survivor will scream and spout infection glands off them. We will get into the infection and what that does later.
(Body Form) Spatter/ Ricochet :
If the leeching gland comes into contact with any surface off of the ground. The leeching gland will spatter. Meaning it will break off into many mini glands and launch forward in the opposite direction it was hit in a wide shot gun blast. The Spatter travels at 10m/s. The spatter can reach around 10 meters. The Spatter has a survivor detection distance of 7 Meters and a Detection Radius of 0.12 Meters Of which it will send directly to the survivor despite the initial trajectory wanting it to go elsewhere. The environment will sometimes ignore this however if you are spitting on a bumpier surface such as a rock. This is one of the more complex aspects to her power and revolves around something I call Spatter Logic which we will dive much more into later.
Leeches: Upon contact with a leeching gland or through the use of addons survivors will become infected. When a survivor becomes infected they will scream and a leech will appear on their back. A timer will now begin for this survivor to progress their infection stage. There are two stages to the infection. Leech 1 which is the first allowing Krasue to injure in head form and Leech 2. After one minute of leech 1 infection the survivor reaches leech 2. If the survivor is healthy they will now become injured and broken. (Cannot heal) If they are already injured they just become broken. Each stage of infection requires it’s own timer to remove. 20 seconds per level at base. A leeched 2 survivors spends 40 seconds to remove infection. A survivor can do any normal task while infected. They may be hindered, inflicted with blindness through addons but largely it will just inable the Krasue to attack in head form. Ignoring infection is very bad for survivors though because Leech 2 takes awhile to cleanse and will disable them from healing. A survivors leech is very audible for the Krasue. It is noticeably larger in leech 2 and can be heard through a locker. While a survivor is cleansing a leech via a mushroom the survivor is also significantly more audible. Survivors in Leech 1 or 2 are much easier to track. A survivor will lose their infection upon being hooked wether it’s leeched 1 or 2. A survivor being unhooked even if the animation of unhooking is only half way can be leeched. (It is very worth noting this.) A survivor who is slugged will have their infection rate paused but will not lose infection. Slugging can be very enticing because of this. It is also worth noting that a survivor who is cleansing their leech state will become fully reinfected upon taking any health state. Even a basic attack with her larb knife can reinfect a survivor in this state so you do not always need to use Regurgitate or Intestinal whip.
Glowing Mushrooms: Krasue spawns green mushrooms around the trial. The survivors can see their aura in white while infected. Upon spawning in unless an add on is in play there will be 5 glowing mushrooms. They will be spread throughout the map. It takes a mushroom 5 seconds to spawn in and 5 seconds to decay. Every 90 seconds a new mushroom will spawn randomly. It takes a survivor 3 seconds to eat a glowing mushroom. While eating the mushroom they slow down to 2.8 M/S. Which linger for half a second after consuming. Survivors infected can see the aura of Glowing mushrooms up to 128 metres. When the Krasue transitions from the Body form to the head Form she will spawn a mushroom from her husk. The mushroom takes 5 seconds to spawn as usual and will remain in the exact place she transitioned. This will immediately decay the last spawned mushroom if there are 6 still remaining around the map. This mushroom will only decay immediately if it is within 1 meter of another mushroom. (Don’t grow crops too close together) Krasue can passively control where all the mushrooms are on the map. It can also help her keep track of where a survivor cleansed which we will go more into later. Head Form : Pressing the CTRL key will allow the Krasue to detach her head from her body. She floats around as a disembodied head with her organs hanging beneath her. She immediately gains an increase to her terror radius which is now 40 metres. She gains an increase to base movement speed at 4.8 M/S (120% movement speed). In this form she can now vault pallets at 1.9 seconds vault speed. This form also brings her into the third person camera perspective. Offering a wider POV then any other killer in the game which makes for great surveillance. Even with out infected survivors. While suffering from a very slightly longer stun time. 2.5 seconds. (Base 2 seconds). She is significantly louder in this form. This forms lethality operates mainly off of infection but can be very useful for mobility and surveillance with out. This mode offers two new abilities with in itself. Also worth noting you can no longer acquire blood lust in this form. (Head Form) Head Long Flight : Pressing the M2 Button will allow Krasue to enter her mobility power. Head Long Flight. In this mode she gets low to the ground and slithers at a very fast rate. Her POV enters first person. Head Long has a maximum of 12 charges. Many addons effect her length of flight. Her speed in Head Long Flight is 7 M/S at max speed. She gradually reaches this speed after 2 seconds. Allowing her to traverse a decent length of the map in a short amount of time with a full charge. She spends 1 charge per second. Her recharge rate on Head Long is 0.4 charges per second. It takes her 1.35 seconds to come out of head long and attack. She can instantly transition out of it by flying up to a window and vaulting however.  After exiting head long flight her charges will start to refill after 2 seconds. At base she can only use Head long flight with a minimum of 25% charges.
(Head Form) Intestinal Whip : While in head form and ideally having a survivor infected, The Krasue can launch herself at the survivor. Upon hitting the survivor it will activate the leech on their back to injure them. She will pull back and charge this attack for 0.3 seconds. Sending it forward at a distance of 4 meters at a speed of 14.4 m/s. This attack cannot trigger basic attack perks. During the initial whip she has no environmental collision for 0.3 seconds. Of which she can slide off of anything. Making it very useful for whipping around objects. She can reinfect a cleansing survivor in this form with one hit and reinfect a non infected survivor in this form with 3 hits. Survivors lose collision even if this attack does not injure them which is worth noting. While falling down there is a massive deceleration factor to this attack. She will not launch forward at all while falling. This means you must whip before or after falling off an edge. There are many clever ways to use the intestinal whip which we will go into later.
Corporeal Weave This is the ability of transitioning between forms. Pretty simple but some things to be aware of here.
Body to head Transition time: 1.2 seconds.
Head to Body Transition time: 2.2 seconds.
Cooldown where you cannot transition: 3 seconds.
Initial Cool down at start of trial: 5 Seconds.
During the Body to head Transition the Krasue can move freely and does not slow down much if at all. So when transitioning this way you can still rotate around objects and mind game even.
During Head to body you are free to aim up or down so you can aim a shot even while transitioning. It is worth it to remember both of these aspects of transforming. She does slow down in this transition.
When the Krasue transitions from Body to head her body will fall to the ground and dissolve. From this Husk will grow a new mushroom. This can allow some control over where your mushrooms are and provide an ever so slight tip into survivor positioning. Something to remember. Not something to over focus on.
These have all been merely descriptions of what the powers do. Now that we know what all of the individual aspects of her power do I will describe what a typical gameplay flow looks like. And discuss things like mindset and how you should approach using each power individually and in conjunction.
An Over View : All of these powers on paper seem like a lot to keep track of but after reading this guide and testing things for yourself you will start to feel more fluid. Which is a key thing that I think about when playing her. Tying everything together to be fluent. Because of all of these aspects to her power a lot of new players get dissuaded from playing her. There are many moving parts to this killer. The biggest challenges you will face with this killer are the many inconsistencies revolving around the spatter. Spitting on objects and the Ricochet not going where you want it to. The obvious body blocking that smart survivors will go for. And utilizing the intestinal whip properly around certain environments. She is a killer that largely uses her power around the environment and you will quickly learn what is consistent and inconsistent to spit on or whip around. These many aspects are why I believe people leave this killer behind but I promise you there is an answer for everything. Once you find those answers this killer will begin feeling more and more like an Apex predator amongst the killer roster. Take your time and things will start to tie together and feel more fluid.
General Tips and guiding points to immediately work on
- Feeling the range of the Regurgitate.
- The range of the spatter.
- Improving your aim with Regurgitate (Cross Hair helps)
- Noticing the Spread of Spatter (Richochet)
- Using windows and door frames for Spatter hits.
- Feeling the range of intestinal whip
- (Not relying on Dissolution)
- Noticing and remembering how Leeching Gland reacts to the certain objects. (Rocks are bad)
- Being ready and change forms at any moment.
- Smoothly transitioning into the aim base of Regurgitate and Dash of intestinal whip.
- Flicking your camera to whip around objects in head form.
REGURGITATE/ SPATTER LOGIC :
We begin the first major part of this guide with Krasues Body form ability. In this section we will cover.
The Regurgitate, The Leeching Glands, Mini Glands and how to utilize the environment to your advantage for easy infections and what you can do on certain maps where the environment is far from reliable.
When spitting at a survivor it is tempting to go for long range shots or directly hit them. However in most cases it is more safe to hit something they are standing beside, a wall, pallet, window, locker. Because you can ricochet the leeching gland into a shot gun blast of mini glands. You can “Safely miss” a survivor and ensure infection. There are three stages to consider. Impact detection, what your gland is hitting. Vector reflection, the angle it will come out. As well as Behavior limits, this would be how far it can go, what it can pass through and the consistency of which it may home in on a survivor. These are all pretty fancy words but lemme break it down for you.
(The Krasue can M1 after a Regurgitate after 1.3 seconds both if you spit or if you cancel.)
At an entry level to Krasue this is the most important piece of advice to start with. Flat surfaces are your friend. When in doubt, find a flat surface. If the only thing you can find is a pallet or window then use that pallet or window. Or go for a direct hit. Which brings me into the next section.
This is a projectile. I know that sounds silly but one third of Krasues power is a projectile. Projectiles require aim. Aiming is a skill to be refined. If you are struggling with the Regurgitate it is always worth considering if you are lacking in the aim department. A cross hair I do believe can help you tremendously as there are many trick shot locations that are very difficult without a cross hair. Aim Labs is also free via steam if you are very very new to aiming with pro jectile s. If you are a console player a ruler and tiny piece of gum or tape can go a long way. Regardless, always remember that you must hone in on your aim. It is very easy to rely on the spatter but this is not always a luxury you will have. Nostromo wreckage for example will deny you of spatter infection at almost every turn. Direct hits can save you a lot of time. So focus your aim! Focus is very important. Tilting can cause you to spam the Regurgitate leading to many misses. Training yourself to relax have a bit of patience and calculate the shot will always be better then missing 5 times. Think before you spit.
A typical arc for a direct hit of around 10-15 meters. The projectile has considerable weight and fall off. It must be arced to be used at a distance.
Within 6-7 meters little to no arc is required because of an initial pitch shift that is granted to your leeching gland. A well thought of feature.
A typical arc you would use for a longer shot of 22 meters (Roughly the maximum distance)
The farther they are the more you must aim up to arc the shot.
Try for yourself the Lozenge addon which provides you a cursor that will show where the leeching gland will impact to experiment with and start feeling range.
Spatter Logic ,
This is a term I coined that is the logic that applies when approaching a survivor to infect but they are around an object or tile. It will take an increase of time to wrap this object or tile there for to save time a Spatter hit is needed. How you will accomplish this depends on the sole factor of what is around I will do my best to demonstrate.
You are the red dot. The Blue Dot is a survivor. You cannot see the survivor but you know they are there. By Spitting at the pallet the Spatter from your leeching gland will likely hit them. Especially if they are more closely hugging said pallet. Just because you cannot see a survivor does not mean you cannot infect them. You must envision the cone spread of your leeching gland bouncing off in the desired direction to where the survivor may be. Simple in concept. Trickier in varied settings. I recommend walking around in a custom and repeatedly spitting on various things and just observe the nature of the spatter. How does it behave on the shape of certain objects? When you can feel where it will go after contact you can control what sometimes feels like a wild spread.
For example, A round object requires a very precise point of contact to go in the desired direction. The smaller the round object is the harder this precise point can be to land on. A tree when spat directly from the middle will come back but even the slightest bit to the left or right and it will ricochet in that direction.
Jagged objects like rocks can have a very undesired effect. Spitting on them you may hit a point on the rock that sends it completely skywards. Or straight into the ground. You must find the flattest part of it then spit.
Sometimes you will have no choice but to use these objects. Doing so requires focus. The environment can aid you if you understand it. Or hinder you completely if you don’t. Remember the objects that have very undesired effects. I will list as many as I can here.
- Rocks (I hate them)
- Trees
- Nostromo Tiles (Also Rocks >:( )
- Lamp Shades
- Bushes
- Metal Pipes or Bars
- Grating of any kind
- Smaller Clutter
- Machinery
- Statues
- Almost every thing on Toba Landing
Remember the first tip. Flat is Friend. The wider and flatter a surface is the easier and more predictable it can be to spit off. Does the object have more points? Is it more jagged? Is it smaller and round? Then you should think twice before spitting on it.
I will now go into some more technical ways to utilize your Spit to infect survivors. These mainly utilize door frames and windows. These are more technical shots that can save you A LOT of time from having to otherwise round a tile completely to attempt infection.
In this image we have the shack. Of which you are inside. The survivor is outside. If you simply keep wrapping the shack for a direct hit this will require time and a full rotation around for an attempt. However using Spatter logic we can predict the survivor will be hit from a shot that lands on the window frame opposite the side they are on. The Spread will hit them 9/10. So long as they haven’t rounded the corner. Doing so we have saved time and can now immediately transform and round the shack at the same time. Forcing pallet or a hit. With this diagram you can see the importance of windows and door frames. This hit can be applied to any tile. Remember that while it is small and sometimes hard to hit a window or door frame is a flat surface.
I will now show you examples of simple spots for easier infections on the many tiles.
The window on this map will be your free ticket. If the survivor wraps the shorter side it can be tricky and you may need to catch up and bounce off the pallet.
The Common 4 Lane as you can see landing shots on these exact points can offer a spatter that is nearly impossible to dodge.
Another pretty basic tile. This gives more of an idea of using corners inside the tile.
T&L. This shows how you can save precious seconds instead of having to round the wall for a more direct hit.
These diagrams really show the importance of windows on basic tiles. Hitting these can be difficult but it is worth it to try practicing. Taking this simple basic concept can be used on almost anything though. When you know the spread of the mini glands you will have much more confidence in these types of shots.
One thing to note is that a direct hit will cause mini glands to spout from the survivor. Which can infect other survivors. This is a reward for landing direct shots. Which if the survivor is close enough can be easy enough.
A spatter infection will not cause these glands to appear on survivors.
Another very important thing to note is if the Krasue spits on a generator the generator will spout mini glands in the same way a survivor does from direct hits. This can make going for long range infections pretty easy and is worth going for.
It is also extremely important to note that ANY part of the generator can be hit to spout the mini glands. This includes the very top of the lights that reach upwards from the generator. A very useful mechanic in long range infection spreading.
At a base some maps may require you to really lean on windows, Door frames and pallets for spatter infection. These are maps with a very high density of jagged objects, LOS breakers, Rocks or bushes etc. I will create a tier list to show you maps where you will want to really find these flat surface more. Or in the case of LOS breaker maps use head long flight to get close as possible then go for infection.
Maps ranked on difficulty for Spatter infection.
Most other maps are pretty neutral and offer many places to infect. However these maps I have found can be incredibly tricky at times to Spread infection. These are maps where your patience may be tested.
Toba Landing and Nostromo are by far the worst in the S tier. These maps can be extremely undesirable for your Spatter infection. On these maps especially. Pallets, Windows, Doorframes and Lockers are your friends.
I cannot stress enough the importance of patience. Her ability CAN be spammed but against a better team 2-3 misses can HURT and easily lose you games. Maximize patience and calculation and minimize misses.
INFECTION MACRO:
People sometimes compare Krasue to Plague because she can infect survivors and leave them broken with tier 2 leach. The only thing in common here is the broken status in tier 2. Gameplay wise both killer are drastically different.
There are many ways to keep survivors infected including addons and playstyles. I will cover all of them here.
At a base you will want to infect survivors, transform, down and hook. Which will remove the survivors' infection upon hooking. However many situations can call for keeping infection, spreading infection and playing for tier 2 leach.
The Krasue can infect survivors as they are being unhooked. As soon as the unhooking animation is halfway spit on the unhooker and the survivor will come off hook infected. Very worth remembering.
If you are trying to track a survivor that is actively cleansing their leech listen for a hissing sound. It is quite audible even through lockers. I have found many survivors inside lockers using this. The leech makes a VERY audible sound once it is completely cleansed off. Even more so audible through walls and lockers.
Slugging To Retain Infection :
Slugging a survivor and keeping them on the ground will prolong infection. This should mainly be viewed as a stall tactic but in many situations can win you games. In a common scenario a survivor who body blocks will give you 2 survivors now infected. Hooking one and slugging the other to keep as an easy down can be a viable strategy. In a three gen scenario this can be especially strong. Always remember to listen for the leeched survivors. They will make noise even on the ground.
There are two addons that can offer a very strong advantage in retaining infection/ slugging playstyle.
Iridescent Chicken Head
The Chicken head will start survivors infected with tier 1 leech. Survivors will be given two additional mushrooms at the start (Base 5 now 7 with this addon)
This add on can give you an incredible head start to get an early down.You can also use this in combination with lethal pursuer for a very rapid head start to get survivors on the ground and retain infection. It is a risky playstyle but one that can be extremely effective. In the larger span of games this is what I used to set the current WR winstreak. While this is very strong against normal teams this is not something you will wanna try against a more experienced team. You can use this for an early down and to deny the early body blocks but you will want to hook as early as possible. If you are running this without lethal remember to listen for leeched survivors.
The Spattered Handkerchief
This add on will give all survivors leech 1 after the final gen is completed. It will also decay all mushrooms on the map. It takes 5 seconds for the mushrooms to decay. If the survivors are not holding mushrooms to cleanse this add ons infection they will eventually reach tier 2 with no way to cleanse it.
This addon pairs extremely well with No Way Out. Tricksters perk that for each hook gives 12 seconds on top of base 12 seconds that the exit gate will block. It is essentially the opposite of Chicken head in which instead of giving them mushrooms it takes them away. This addon can give you a huge snow ball potential in the end game and in my many winstreaks has saved games. Survivors must assume this add on is in play and hold a mushroom while popping the final gen.
Treat this similar to chicken head. When the last gen pops play for slugs only hook someone if they are death hook and maximize it’s value. Listen for leeched survivors.
It is worth noting this add on will infect survivors in any state they are in. (This includes being on the hook, On the ground or in a locker.)
With a build revolving around this add on I was able to set a win streak of 130, (Prior to the 134 streak)
Addons to be aware of :
The Queens Scepter
The Queens scepter will cause any survivor you hit with intestinal whip to create the spatter effect of a direct hit from leeching gland. This can be very tempting to run but it’s practicality loses value when you start to analyze typical gameplay flow.
Smart survivors will hit tank. The survivor you want on a hook being body blocked for can be infected by whipping the hit tanker. However this will not fully infect the survivor you are directly whipping. So you will still need to whip them three times for a full whip infection. You can use this to whip a survivor unhooking to infect the unhooked survivor to tunnel however the same principle applies that the unhooker will not be fully infected and still able to body block. I do not believe this addon to be entirely healthy to run either since it promotes staying completely in head form. With proper spatter logic it takes 9 seconds to transition to body, infect and return to head form.
Run this add on if you want to experiment only. It will rarely give you any major advantage against a strong team.
Chunk of Malai :
The Chunk of Malai is incredibly decent with the slugging playstyle. Particularly with Chicken Head. When all 4 survivors are infected it takes a considerably increased amount of time to remove this infection. This window can give you more time to find and down or reinfect while they are in the cleansing status.
At a base it takes 20 seconds to cleanse. If all 4 survivors are infected it only an increase of 6.4 seconds. However upon reaching tier 2 leech this time will now be doubled. If every survivor is tier 2 leech. That is an additional 12.8 seconds on top of their infection timer. 20 seconds for each stage with 6.4 on top of each stage. Equalling 52.8 seconds cleansing time. That is an extremely long time in a dbd game. This add on mainly sees a ton of value with the chicken head playstyle but can be paired with Spattered Handkerchief as well to give you a maximum window to find survivors.
I will go more into addons later but these are immediate ones I wanted to discuss regarding infection. She has others but these are ones you should be aware of first and foremost.
Common Infection Scenarios
A common scenario to slug a survivor will be a hit tanker. Someone who gets in your way to protect a survivor you actually want to hook. Slugging them will ensure they need to be picked up then cleanse if they want to hit tank again without immediately going down.
Sometimes this hit tanker will separate the moment you transition to body to infect. In most scenarios it is worth it to stay on them and at the very least infect them. They will rejoin their team mates to take a hit if you transition back to head form without infecting them.
Oftentimes I will immediately transition to body when seeing a survivor coming in to hit tank. Thinking of this more so as an opportunity to retain infection on multiple people. Especially considering it only takes 9 seconds to infect and return to Head if you can infect them with a single regurgitate.
When a survivor is holding a mushroom, oftentimes they will attempt to eat the mushroom in chase. You can interrupt this action by hitting them. However it is often beneficial to let them consume the mushroom and then hit them. This will ensure if you slug them they will not be able to quickly eat said mushroom upon getting up. The survivor will be slowed dramatically when eating the mushroom and cannot vault or drop a pallet. Only do this if they are out in the open though. Not close to a pallet or window. Just take the hit in this case. This will only buy incremental bits of time since usually there will still be a mushroom around.
Always remember your range on Regurgitate is quite long. On smaller maps you can infect survivors on gens by spitting at the lights. Requires a high up arcing shot but once you know your range it’s often worth going for. In a three gen scenario this can be especially practical.
When a survivor is being unhooked is a very easy method to gain two infections. As soon as the animation is half way or more spit on the unhooked survivor and both will be infected when the animation is done. So long as the spit hasn't interrupted the unhooked action. In this case simply spit again since you will have ample time.
A survivor who hit tanks will sometimes separate until you are in head form. In these cases it is worth it to spit on them even though they are not properly getting in your way yet. It takes little time to spit at a survivor nearby. Even if it is simply a pot shot.
Unlike Plague survivors on the Hook or on the ground cannot be infected.
I will discuss more later in the guide how this all ties into gameplay flow but this should give a general idea of utilizing infection both as a stall tactic and time saver.
The Intestinal Whip:
Now that we know how to infect and have a general idea of using our regurgitate and Spatter logic. As well as utilizing infection and being aware of it’s many nuances. We will now discuss the main tool you will use to down survivors off of this infection which is your main ability in Head form: The Intestinal Whip. Upon pressing the CTRL key you will transform into the head form. Pressing M1 will activate the intestinal whip.
A survivor who is leached is now susceptible to this attack. Upon contact with the intestinal whip it will activate their leech to injure and down them. (Her intestines aren’t actually doing the damage).
This is a dash based attack power. The Krasue will wind up for a duration of 0.3 seconds. She will then lunge forward 4 meters (The perfect distance from shack door to window).
And with a wide hit box cone she will strike.
This attack cannot be crouched unless the survivor is beneath you on stairs. In this case simply attack from the side.
This attack at a much more technical level ties into head long flight. Which I will discuss later in the more advanced section of over all gameplay flow and tips. Here we will simply be discussing how it works.
The Krasue in head form moves at a faster speed then a normal killer. She floats around at 4.8 m/s meaning she is 120% movement speed.
This simple aspect is important to remember as it means a 50/50 mind game is more so in your favor in a 1v1 scenario.
Upon sending an intestinal whip Krasue will have zero collision detection for 0.32 seconds. This means that at the base of your intestinal whip you can freely glide off the environment.
This is your tool for playing around pallets. As you can whip completely around a lot of loops with this in mind. Utilizing your camera is important in doing this.
The red is you. The Blue is the Survivor. The green arrow represents how far you send the intestinal whip around. Even with an upright pallet these hits are completely possible.
This image represents a fundamental Intestinal whip mindgame around a filler pallet.
The Blue Arrow represents where you are faking to go. The survivor will then stand on the opposite side of the pallet. Hopefully dropping it. Then you activate the whip FLICKING your camera around the corner and hitting them on the other side. Notice the green arrows path.This represents how you will want to pan your camera to perfectly land this hit. A wide arc coming around to hit them on the other side in a fast flicking motion.
At an entry level you will want to always focus on getting the survivor to the pallet and you being on the short side. Then you can play this simple mind game.
The intestinal whip as mentioned before is the perfect distance to send from the door of the shack to the window. As long as you are at that door even milliseconds before or sometimes as the vault is starting this hit will land. Always keep this in mind.
A smart survivor without someone to take a hit will camp a pallet. Playing for the stun is more safe then playing a vault 50/50.
In this case simply floating up to the pallet, getting them to drop and then playing the mind game in the first diagram works for consistency. However sometimes sending it through the pallet if the hit is needed can work.
Something to consider is that her hitbox on the regurgitate is much bigger than a normal basic attack. As long as you are midway through the intestinal whip, oftentimes the hit will still land despite the survivor getting the stun. This is because of the larger hitbox being sent through the pallet as it is being dropped. Similar to a short swing basic attack.
While the Krasue cannot short swing herself in head form she can in a way do something similar.
When the Krasue is very close to a survivor the Intestinal whip will recognize this and end it prematurely. If a survivor is very keen on camping the pallet this can work very similarly to the short swing basic attack. It’s the same concept except it’s entirely position based. This is more so just something to note. And give you an understanding of how the hit box behaves. It is always safer to have the survivor drop the pallet without risk of being stunned. Keep in mind she has a slightly longer stun time.
The Yellow arrow represents a survivors pathing on the long side. The Green represents you pathing to chase them each green Bubble is a position of which you can send an intestinal whip.
This image represents the type of movement you will want to have with your mouse or controller. The Solitary dot represent the input of activation for the whip. The red line represents how you will move your mouse or joystick to get around certain objects. Trace your mouse around it to get a feel for it.
A simple flick into a wide arc coming back around.
This motion is very important as it is a core fundamental to utilize in chase. A higher DPI can help but it is more than possible doing it on a controller. I will show now a more complex whip method.
This is a pallet type that can spawn on many maps. The survivor is typically pretty safe here. How ever it is more than possible to land a whip here with a proper flick whip execution.
The Blue arrow with a dot represents the direction you will fake to get the survivor to vault.
The Green line represents the starting point and overall motion you will need to land this hit.
Notice how the line is going into the object. This is fully utilizing the 0.3 zero collision at the base of whip. Then Flicking wide around to attempt to hit the survivor with the same wide arc I showed before.
This hit can be tricky and will take time to feel out how to land. Don’t be afraid to break pallets that feel impossible to whip around. Which brings us into our next subject regarding intestinal whip.
What you can and can’t Intestinal Whip  around : Recognizing early things that will be difficult to whip around is extremely important. Being able to identify this as fast as possible is the key. A bad habit I developed early on was breaking zero pallets. I would limit test myself constantly to see what I could and could not play around so let me tell you this very important piece of advice. . You can play around almost any pallet. Does that mean you should? No, absolutely not. Some pallets require time to set up a 50 around. So we will begin discussing how to identify these pallets and when to break.
List of pallets you should break immediately. Or at the earliest convenience. (After downing survivor)
- Shack Pallet
- Main building god pallets
- Long Wall Jungle Gyms
- Pallets with three or more corners connecting
Something to note is that on maps with bumpier surfaces such as Nostromo or Yamaoka you will have to send the intestinal whip a little wider and many object on these maps will catch your Whip.
Eyrie of crow or Dead Sands tree branches is a good example
I will provide images of gyms that have pallets you should break as soon as possible for the visual learners.
The Obvious one being Shack Pallet. Try to fly around and break so the survivor is facing the outer wall. Always consider zoning.
These Wonky Tiles seen on Ourmond and Yamaoka are a must break. Extremely awkward to whip around. Doable but very annoying.
A Common tile and not too difficult to play around but maintaining the three corner rule you should definitely break this at your earliest convenience.
This is one that really isn’t bad to play around at all. Still though setting up the 50 can take a chunk of time. Still worth breaking.
This pallet NEEDS to be broken. Get this out of the way fast. The window to pallet distance is far too short. Impossible to play around with pallet down unless survivor is silly.
RPD Welcome Leon God pallet
Aswell as the god pallet in main lobby. Very important to break obviously.
In line with this of course Midwich God Pallet. Leries God Pallet. And any pallet that generally completely cuts you off.
Very important
A common denominator is the three corner rule. If there are three corners the survivor can round it is very important to break.
As well as the obvious God Pallet. Which you will sometimes be forced to break as it literally impedes you chasing the survivor.
SOMETIMES. A survivor will drop a god pallet, being infected and having no one there to body block and play for distance. In these situations it’s reasonable to assume you could simply Vault the pallet in head form. You are taking a risk doing this but if the kill is ABSOLUTELY needed in this specific scenario it is reasonable to assume you could vault and fly after them.
Another rule is if a pallet has a decent overhang on both sides, it is also very important to break these kinds of pallets. They can be like many of the pallets that show up on Crotus Prenn Asylum and Father Campbell's.
A lot of this may seem trivial but in a typical gameplay flow it can be really easy to leave up these strong pallets. In Head form you can not break pallets. So by gameplay design you are being persuaded already to not break. Hence why many Krasues run Dissolution . Always remember that a strong pallet is still a resource. A quick transition and break can save you a lot of time. 10 seconds to transform and break a pallet can save you 30 seconds of time when a survivor runs back to that area. Always remember this.
Zone breaking :
Zoning is the simple aspect of closing a survivor into a corner of the map or dead zone. This is especially important on Krasue. Why have to play the next pallet a survivor can make it to when you can break and play around it.
For the average survivor especially with out a hit tank. Almost all of these jungle gyms can be played around. You must use gamesense and notice survivors pathing if it is worth it to play for the down on the pallet.
Examples would be if the survivors is moving around wildly. Not Clinging to walls. Wrapping the tiles constantly. Not even bothering to play 50’s. Not holding check spots. General Tips for the Intestinal Whip
Feel the range. Memorize in your head that 4 meter range. To me it is like a light that goes on when I am in range. Memorize it and it will rarely be a guess if a hit is going to land or not. The Distance of the shack door to the window is what helped me the most as this distance is common knowledge for most killers.
Start flicking. Immediately practice flicking around corners even if you don’t need to. It’s a very useful tool that Krasue players who are new don’t use. Starting to play around with it as soon as possible will immediately give you a jump start.
Try not to hesitate too much. Something I still do this day is hesitate to send the whip while a survivor is camping a pallet. I want to see them vault and guarantee a hit. Calculate your shot based on what we discussed above and send it.
Your whip travels fast. 14.4 meters per second fast. You can whip a survivor who is beginning to sprint burst at times.
Never whip a survivor three times to infect. It can be persuading to do this to a body blocking survivor. Especially with Queens Scepter. Don’t do this. It can take anywhere from 20-30 seconds sometimes more to whip them three times. This is only for infection. You must whip them twice more to down.
With a single precise shot and two transformations it takes 9 seconds. Never forget this.
Sometimes under certain circumstances you can whip a survivor and they will lose collision allowing you to bypass body block. I will now discuss when this can be played out and how to recognize if this is doable.
Distance is key. Let me demonstrate.
The red is you. You are at a doorway and there is a survivor body blocking the door (Blue). You are in head form and the survivor you want down who is infected is playing for distance. There is an increasing distance between the body blocker and infected survivor. In this exact situation it is reasonable to assume you could whip the body blocker. Bypassing collision and fly after the infected.
Understand however you are taking a risk every time you do this. If the infected decides to double back for protection you may need to whip again or transition to regurgitate.
In this situation only is it reasonable to try for.
Various situation where you can attempt to get around the hit tanker. When both survivors are out in the open or in a dead zone. No pallets or windows nearby.
When the infected survivors are continuously vaulting. Vaulting will separate the survivors and you can play for a hit.
It is very important to be able to recognize these situation where a sloppy hit tank is being attempted. Look for the opening and as a good rule of thumb it is wise to only attempt this once. If it is not working switch forms and infect.
A smart hit tanker will hug their teammate and they will wrap an object endlessly. If you attempt to fly around they will double back. The difference between a smart hit tanker and one that is inexperienced will become very noticeable. After a while you will be able to recognize it immediately. Remember the rules we discussed.
When a survivor is running into you to attempt to dodge the intestinal whip. Simply back up a little then send then whip at them. Because of her wind up time it can be easy to miss a survivor who is clinging to you and running around you. The tiniest back up then Whip solves this every time.
Head Long Flight:
Head long Flight is a powerful mobility and even chase tool. Pressing M2 in head form she will lower to the ground and slither at a pace of 7 m/s.
Maximum Charges 12
Maximum with addons (Newspaper and Libretto): 20
Discharge rate 1 Charge per second.
Recharge Rate 0.4 Charges per second.
30 second total recharge time at base.
It takes one second to exit Head Long flight and attack.
There is a 2 second pause in order for Head Long charges to begin refilling.
She will initially start a bit slower and pick up speed. Two seconds total to reach maximum speed in flight.
The Minimum amount of Charges required is 25% at base. 50% with the Newspaper add on. Head Long Charges will need to be replenished to this point in order to use Flight.
Head Long Flight does not need to be canceled in order to vault. You can fly right up to a window and press the vault button. Smoothly transitioning into the vault animation.
Head Long Flight is the Glue that holds The Krasue together as a strong killer. Without this they would be unable to flex pressure over stronger teams. With this ability she is able to traverse a decent length of the map even without addons enhancing it.
General Tips with Head Long
The first major tip I want to give you is to remember that this is also a chase tool. Over using it can leave you empty coming into a chase, use it wisely.
The Second is that this ability removes a major component of Krasues surveillance. Since it lowers her to the ground and puts her in the first person POV. Come out of Flight every now and then to look around with her massive Head Form Camera. It can be easy to miss and difficult to track healthy survivors at a distance at times when you are in a prolonged head long flight.
Practice upon loading in immediately transforming after the initial cool down and flying around to find survivors. There is no reason not to and it saves you a lot of time walking across the map in body form.
The Krasue transitions quickly in and out of the head long. For this reason it can also be used as a chase tool.
The obvious is catching up to a survivor. Head Long makes playing for distance very difficult against her. One of the reasons I love this ability.
She can easily keep up with a survivor using Sprint burst, lithe or balanced landing.
Utilizing Headlong Flight in Chase :
Headlong Flight is the ability that glues everything together like I mentioned before. This ability gives an incredible amount of mobility. But what separates this mobility from almost any other is the freedom of rotation she has. You can look around freely and even strafe left and right, back and forward.
Because of this it can be incredibly useful in chase.
A general rule of thumb would be to use the head long flight to have the survivor on the pallet while you are on the short side. Or to fly around from the short side to hit them as they are going to the pallet from the long side.
The Red is you, the light blue is survivor. The Darker Blue Arrow is the path you will take with Head Long flight to open up for a Intestinal Whip. When the survivor wraps long fly after them to hit them on the long side before they can get to the pallet. If the survivor wraps the short side fly around to play the pallet 50.
When a survivor wraps the shack the long way one simple rotation in head long flight offers an easy spot to hit them with intestinal whip. The Dark Blue is your Headlong Flight Path. The Green is the survivors' path. The Purple is your Intestinal Whip Zone. HeadLong Flight is often more than fast enough to land this with ease. As long as the survivor doesn’t have an exhaustion in which case simply do it again on the next rotation.
Important to note as you are exiting headlong flight to prepare your camera to whip coming around the corner. The Intestinal whip must be initiated at the doorway. Not before.
I’ll provide the same diagram for other tiles.
Same concept as shack. Playing a 50 at the pallet side does not require head long flight. It requires the basic intestinal whip mindgames we discussed earlier.
You can see a common theme here. A survivor wrapping long with one proper flight can align you for an intestinal whip. Make sure you are hugging the wall while flying aswell.
Same exact concept being applied. Survivor vaults, goes long. We fly around to whip before they make the pallet. Works in the other direction as well.
This should hopefully start to give you some idea of using headlong flight in chase. Try to memorize these distances when you start to practice these techniques.
Always remember you can flick your camera around freely while coming out of Headlong to prepare the whip.
And be sure to experiment a little yourself. As this guide evolves I will add more diagrams for every tile and even fly techniques around the main buildings. Using this basic principle however you should be able to apply this concept to many things yourself.
Perks, Addons and Playstyles :
Unfortunately for Burong she faces some limitations in things she can run. Basic attack perks are very suboptimal. Expose perks as well don’t give her a huge advantage.
That being said there are ample alternatives in perks that suit her and play styles that revolve around them. Dissolution : Dissolution is the most popular perk to run on Krasue. However I actually advise you not to run it. I believe this perk will limit you from reaching a higher skill ceiling for Krasue. She does not need this perk. She can outplay almost any pallet. This perk as well convinces you that it’s okay to stay in head form. Krasue at a higher tier of play requires constant switching. Being Fluid and ready to switch forms at all times. This is also why I do not recommend Queens Sceptre add on.
Is Dissolution a bad perk to run on her? No, definitely not. It is a perk that can save you a lot of time. It can help you in chase but I would only consider it to be a quality of life perk. I assure you it will not help you nearly as much against a high hour team.
Strongest Possible Builds I have Discovered :
Hyper Sweat Build
This build is a pretty generic slowdown build but it is one of the most effective builds against stronger teams. Double Mobility will give you insane map pressure and help you get those pop eruptions. This is a build that requires you to be extremely efficient in downing. Securing a three gen and being very aggressive on securing a hook within it. As long as you are confident this build will serve you well.
Head Start Sweat Build: Pretty Solid build that can bypass the early body blocks and get someone on a hook as fast as possible. After all, a strong start is what determines many games in DBD. Just go for the closest survivor. Get them down and build pressure off that. Worth noting that you can use turn back the clock in head form!
The Slugsue Build
This build is the Solo Queue Annihilator. The Slugsue that haunts in memory of the Dwight player who just got off work for a couple games. With this build you start the trial seeing every survivor with lethal. Immediately transform and as you are flying across the map note the survivors picking up and eating mushrooms. Go for them first and get them on the ground. Play for the 4 man down but start hooking if 2 or more cleanse leech. Important to note that infectious has a wider radius while you are in head form with a 40 meter TR.
You will not be making any friends running this build.
It’s Not Over Yet
This is a variant of the hyper sweat build but we slip in No way out as well as the Spattered Handkerchief. Sliding this into the build can make the end game very tricky for the survivors. In a 3v1 situation especially NWO plus Handkerchief can easily bring a game back for you. Really great advice for this build is to try and secure a three gen because in a three gen you will always have plenty of survivors near you when the final gen pops. The more survivors around you when every one becomes infected the stronger this add on perk combo will shine. Play for downs and only hook when someone is death hook.
You will also not make any friends running this build.
These are the builds that I have found the most success with. Serving me very well in winstreaking on this killer. Feel free to experiment and mix and match after all that is one of the funner aspects of this game. Which brings us into the next section
Addon Tierlist
This Tierlist is based on overall consistency and I will have to explain a few reasonings for placements. The reason both mobility add ons are in S tier is because it gives her an insane level of map pressure. This gives her consistency over the span of many large maps. Hence why I put it above the chicken head and handkerchief. Important to note it is the combination of the two that makes them S tier individually sheet music is far superior while Newspaper without this combo would be high B area.
Im sure you can assume why Chicken Head is A tier. It’s very strong and every survivor starts infected so you don’t need to spit at them.
Handkerchief I have also already discussed. Very strong endgame add on.
Iridescent Gown addon is incredibly strong and can be very decent info. I don’t run it often since info isn’t entirely needed for me in the span of games but the addons value can shine a lot so definitely try it out.
Libretto is a very nice little boost to mobility. Recommend trying it with Sheet music.
Dulled Knife may seem bad since it gives survivors elusive but I assure the down side will rarely hinder you in games. The boost to mobility is very very nice.
Chunk of Malai up there for its synergy with Chicken Head. Much longer cleanse time means big window to reinfect. I like this add on a lot.
Janjira’s Hand not bad at all. Decent little mid game boost and heavy end game boost to mobility. Can Pair really well with Handkerchief.
Luckless Mouse pretty simple it gives you some extra charges on Fly which is nice cause its a flat rate 2 charge boost. No requirements.
Pig’s Eye can actually be decent. If you have a survivor who is dead on hook but got away from you this add on can reveal them. So I like it for that. Over all Gown is far better but this isn’t an Iri so it a cheaper alternative.
Wriggling Parasite increases the passive infection rate. I like this add on because it can put more pressure on survivors to hop off gens and cleanse there leech. Or potentially give you an extra tier 2 leech here and there. Decent effect.
Defective Metronome would probably be C tier if survivors were not so Keen on eating a mushroom in the Krasues face and then trying to sprint burst away. This add on Exhausts survivors when they are cleansing. Not bad, can counter SB, Lithe, DH try it out if you really hate exhaustion.
Lorenzas Remains is pretty low because I mainly place value on things that work against better teams. Rotten Swine gives survivors Blindness in Leech 1 and 4% Hinder in Leech 2. For starters a swf on discord Blindness doesn’t do much. Secondly against a decent swf you will not be getting leech 2 and if you do it will be rare. They will cleanse well before they reach Leech 2. This addon is a solo Q punisher and for that I don’t like it.
The Sticky Lozenge. This add on gives you a Cursor to see the impact zone of leeching gland. I recommend it to help you figure out spatter logic.
Broken Tiara. This addon gives survivors oblivious after eating a mushroom. This add on might be better if Krasue was not always screaming and laughing. Also more of a Solo Q Punisher.
Mysterious Elixir. This addon when you spit on a window it will be marked and vaulting in head form or body it will block. It’s a bamboozle addon. This might be better if she needed bamboozle. She does not. Using headlong flight you can outplay almost any window tile. Don’t recommend.
Rotten Swine. Spitting on a generator, door or pallet marks it for a 10% faster break. It can be alright synergized with brutal but it doesn’t make much difference on it’s own. Don’t recommend.
Queens Scepter we’ve already discussed. Not exactly the healthiest which is why I dislike it but it can have fun effects to experiment with. Try it out but don’t rely on it.
Theatre Binoculars. Hitting Non leeched survivors with intestinal whip gives you aura reading within 24 meters. This addon is just not good. It promotes infecting with head form which I do not like. It also promotes whipping body blockers with I really don’t like. Don’t recommend it.
Krasue Perk Tierlist
This does not cover every perk in the game. But this should give you a general idea. Slowdown, Some chase and info perks can be good.
Basic attack perks and expose perks not so good.
Experimenting is one of the funner aspects of DBD so I hope this gives you some idea of what to try out when creating your own builds.
How To Dance with Survivors
We come to the most important part of this guide. The one thing that will have you and the survivors feeling the rhythm in your soul. I call it the Krasue Shuffle. This hilarious dance is done when picking up a survivor in head form. Krasue will dangle the survivor in front of her. Simple strafe left and right with A and D key or left and right on Joystick and you will wiggle the survivor to whatever tempo you please. (Be sure to throw a lil twurl in there every now and then) This Dance will make you many friends out there in the fog. Give it a try and loosen those hips! 💃
If you have read all the way up to this point sincerely thank you and I hope this helps you. Take your time with this killer and if you focus on these things you will improve in no time. Over time I will adding more and more to this guide which I estimate will be around 200 pages minimum but this is everything you need to know right now. Good luck out there gamer.
BlueDream47