Titre : The Artist Full Guide
Auteur : Lichmere
URL : https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RCzX3DxraaaonYxdp5ZnrKGyNah2q-Omq3rFE2iDxvc/edit
Publication / mise à jour : non datée dans le document
Consulté le : 28/09/2026 (curl, Google Docs /mobilebasic ou équivalent ; texte extrait, images non incluses)
Trouvé via : https://otzdarva.com/dbd/killer-guides
Statut : EXPERT OPINION (guide de joueur tueur), pas une source primaire
----------------------------------------------------------------
The Artist Full Guide
# Table of Contents Written by Lichmere
- Preface
- Is This Killer For You?
- Purpose of the Guide
- Basics
- Terminology
- Power Description
- Flight Path
- Dire Crow Effects
- Power Cool-Down
- Fundamentals
- Corralling Survivors
- Aiming Dire Crows - Resources
- Aiming Dire Crows - Reference Points
- How to Properly Check Generators
- Power Charge Management
- Not All Injuries Are Equal
- Disintegrating vs. Launching
- Injuries Further Explained
- Hip Firing Properly
- Swarm Injuring
- Shotgunning Properly
- Single-Snipe Shooting Properly
- Stagger Shooting Properly
- Reverse Double-Tap Strategy
- Swapping Between Different Modes
- Counter Hold-W
- Faking Power
- Faking a Corral
- Holding Power to Reposition
- Multi-Trapping
- Miscellaneous Tips
- Keybind Bound to Mousewheel
- Zanshin Tactics
- Outplaying Decisive Strike
- Add-Ons
- Add-Ons Values
- Tier List
- Add-Ons Tier List Explained
- Ideal Add-ons For Specific Shots
- Recommended Builds
# Preface
## Is this Killer for you?
Artist is a completely different experience compared to the rest of the projectile-based Killers. She does not play as a Huntress or Deathslinger in which you aim and fire; she is, for the most part, a zoner killer — you aim, chase, corral, and sometimes fire. You may be able to get cross-map snipes, or successfully lead your shots against predictable Survivors, but only sometimes, and that’s as much of the typical projectile-based Killer experience as you're going to get. The Artist experience is a bit more comparable to Trapper or Hag in which you set traps at loops and push your Survivors into them in order to effectively use your power. If playing Hag is like a turn-based RPG, Artist is more like a real-time strategy game. I speculate that most players find zoning very boring, which is why Artist has a low pick-rate despite being among the strongest Killers in the game. I recommend this Killer to people who enjoy prediction and assessing various situations for optimal plays, and aren't too bothered by holding W instead of chasing in loops.
How well you can play Artist will depend on your macro-sense, assessment of the map's layout, intuition on Survivor pathing, and quick decision-making skills. Therefore I don't recommend this Killer to new players. You should at least have some knowledge of Killer chase fundamentals, a general feel of map layouts and tile layouts.
## Purpose of the Guide
This guide is written from my experience after much trial and error in an effort to optimize Artist's power and minimize the risk to having long chases.I won’t simply just tell you what to do in what situations, but I will explain why specific decisions are optimal so that you can take away the information and make more informed, actionable decisions in your matches.
# Basics
## Terminology
In this section are specific terms that are going to be referred to throughout the guide. Some of them are used in the community and a couple of them I coined (they are noted with an asterisk to avoid confusion with other players).
- Hip Fire*: Refers to a launching Dire Crow in an attempt to immediately injure a Survivor with a Dire Crow in its 8m Flight Path (no Swarm)
- Swarm Shot: Refers to setting and launching a Dire Crow with the intent to Swarm a Survivor rather than immediately injure with a Hip Fire.
- Shotgun: Refers to the launching a volley of 2-4 Dire Crows in an attempt to injure a Swarmed Survivor. These 2-4 Dire Crows are bunched together to reduce the risk of missing the shot
- Snipe: Refers to launching Dire Crow(s) at Swarmed Survivor(s), typically these Survivors are further away.
- Staggered Shot: Refers to a specific setup with multiple set Dire Crows in a single volley spaced apart to Swarm and Snipe Injure in the same volley, which can't be done normally.
- Double-Tap: Refers to injuring a Survivor and putting them into the Dying State very quickly. Artist can do this by Hip Firing successfully and following up with a Basic Attack
- Reverse Double-Tap*: Refers to a specific strategy of Swarming a Survivor first, then injuring them with a Basic Attack, and as the Survivor runs away you Launch Dire Crow(s) to put them into the Dying State (Note: this is typically done through a specific add-on detailed later in the guide; refer to Reverse Double-Tap Strategy )
## Power Description
Artist is a Killer with a Movement Speed of 115%, Terror Radius of 32m and of medium height.
Her power, Birds of Torment, is a projectile-based power in which her ammunition, Dire Crows, are charged, summoned, and launched. These Dire Crows are used to confer information to the Killer, take Health States, and may inflict various effects through add-ons.
Without specific add-ons to modify your power, you have up to 3 Dire Crows to use in a single volley at a time. To use them, Artist must hold her power to a full charge before being able to then summon Dire Crows and place them directly in front of herself. Once placed, the Dire Crow persists for a limited amount of time before it disintegrates away. As you’re summoning crows,, you'll see a Flight Path visualized in a straight purple rectangle angled to the ground. The more Dire Crows you launch in a single volley, the longer your power's cool-down will be. You won't be able to summon more Dire Crows no matter how many are launched until your power goes through a cool-down period.
## Flight Path
The Dire Crow's Flight Path visualizes the direction the Crow will path towards and is 8m long. The Dire Crow will continue traveling forward once it goes past the 8m Flight Path until it reaches the map's boundaries. If the Flight Path is set over a gradual slope or stairs, the Dire Crow will ascend or descend for the full length of the Flight Path. As the Dire Crow flies past the Flight Path, it will no longer change elevation.
While the Dire Crow is moving in its Flight Path, and only for the 8m length of the Flight Path, if the Flight Path is not obstructed by any physical environmental objects, the Dire Crow will immediately take a Health State from any Survivors it makes contact with.
You are able to determine if the Flight Path is obstructed if the purple rectangle has white objects inside. Physical environmental objects will appear white when inside the Flight Path including grass on the ground but the grass does not count as a physical object.
You can also determine the Flight Path's 8m length by how far the corners of the rectangle extends on the ground. However, the Flight Path will not visually convey the length when hovering it over slopes or stairs (but it will still have its full length regardless).
If the Dire Crow makes contact with a Survivor once the Crow has traveled past its Flight Path, and/or after it has made contact with a physical environmental object, instead of immediately losing a Health State the Survivor will become Swarmed. You will need to shoot another Dire Crow that makes contact with the Swarmed Survivor in order to take a Health State from them before the Swarm is repelled or removed (i.e. by entering a locker).
## Dire Crow Effects
Upon being Swarmed, from a launched Dire Crow specifically, a Survivor will have invincibility frames lasting about 0.75 seconds which means they cannot be injured by a launched Dire Crow in that time if it is coming from the same volley of launched Dire Crows. There are strategies to bypass this 0.75-second invincibility that will be mentioned at relevant points throughout the guide. For now, just don't expect to simultaneously Swarm and take a Health State from a Survivor by spamming Dire Crows all in one volley.
When you summon a Dire Crow, your Power will go on a 10-second idle timer. If you have not launched your Dire Crows once the 10 seconds elapses, all summoned Dire Crows will disintegrate and disappear, putting your power on a 2-second cool-down before you can charge your power again to summon more.
You can refresh the 10-second idle timer by summoning an additional Dire Crow. Remember you can only summon (without add-ons to modify) 3 Dire Crows at a time. This means you can refresh the 10-second idle timer up to two times.
While the Dire Crow is summoned, if a Survivor runs into the Crow, they will become Swarmed. If a Swarmed Survivor runs into another placed Dire Crow, the Crow will be removed but the Survivor will not be harmed in any way. It is also important to note that when a Survivor runs into a Dire Crow and becomes Swarmed, your power will not immediately go on cool-down. Your power will continue its 10-second idle timer even if you have no Dire Crows to Launch. You may still summon Dire Crows to extend your idle timer and launch them as you normally would.
If a Dire Crow is launched and it misses a Survivor by a margin of 1.5m, you will receive Killer Instinct that reveals their location periodically for 3 seconds . If a Dire Crow passes through a Survivor that is hiding inside a locker, Killer Instinct will reveal their position as well.
While the Survivor is Swarmed, the Swarm's aura will be revealed to you which effectively reveals the Survivor's position in real time. The Swarm's aura will continue to be revealed until the Survivor begins to repel them, after which it will continue to be revealed to you for 2.5 seconds. After that time has passed, the Swarm's aura will be hidden to you even if the Swarm is still present. You'll have to keep an eye on the HUD to know if they still have the Swarm or not.
Dire Crows may not be summoned next to a Hooked Survivor. You must be at least 10 meters away from any Hooked Survivor in order to summon Dire Crows.
There are several add-ons that can inflict Status Effects on Swarmed Survivors, or give effects to set Dire Crows which will be covered in the Add-Ons section.
## Power Cool-Down
Much of the time you will be Swarming Survivors instead of instantly injuring them. Since Survivors can repel a Swarm off themselves in as fast as 8 seconds (or they can enter a locker to immediately remove them), token management is the most important thing to learn for handling Birds of Torment. The more Dire Crows you launch in a single volley, the longer your cool-down will be . Here is a quick table to view how long the Artist's power cool-down based on how many Dire Crows are launched at once:
Number of Dire Crows Launched | Cool-down Duration
1 Dire Crow | 5 seconds
2 Dire Crows | 9 seconds
3 Dire Crows | 12 seconds
4 Dire Crows (Ink Egg add-on) | 15 seconds
Assuming Survivors begin repelling their Swarm immediately, it will be impossible to follow-up with an injury shot before the Survivor repels the Swarm if you launch more than 1 Dire Crow at a time when Swarming. So remember, when you are launching Dire Crows to Swarm a Survivor, you must always use 1 Dire Crow at a time. There will be specific moments where you can have enough time to Launch a follow-up volley after initially exhausting more than 1 Dire Crow to Swarm, but these situations are very specific and should not be of concern when learning Artist.
Once you have successfully Swarmed a Survivor with 1 Launched Dire Crow, by the time your power returns from cool-down you will have 3 seconds to charge, summon, and shoot a follow-up volley of Dire Crows.
Cool-down Duration From 1 Launched Dire Crow | 5 seconds
Time to Fully Charge Power | 1 second
Time Summoning a Dire Crow (There is a 0.5-second cool-down between each summon) | 0.5  / 1
Spawn-to-Launch Cool-down | 1 second
Distance Travel Time | 0 ≥ -0.5 seconds (Power cool-down elapses as the first swarm shot travels, and factoring your closed the distance moving towards the Survivor, your second shot is closer. Effectively, travel distance is negated)
Total Time: | 7.5  / 8  / 8.5 seconds
Note: You can begin fully charging your power before your cool-down timer elapses, so that you can buy yourself more time in your follow-up shot. More details in the Power Charge Management section. When learning Artist, instead of focusing on that if it is too difficult to remember, just try to begin charging your power immediately after the cool-down elapses.
Just understand that if you begin charging Birds of Torment after the cool-down period has elapsed, you’ll only have time to immediately summon and launch up to 2 Dire Crows at once. You can equip Festering Carrion and Thick Tar add-ons to extend your shooting window by an additional 1 second which is ideal for new Artist players.
# Fundamentals
The basics are there to get you started, and the fundamentals are here to improve your consistency and efficiency. These are a set of guidelines I recommend to optimize Artist’s power.
## Corralling Survivors
Considering Survivors can see Dire Crows being placed and hear when they're being summoned, they can react in time to run away from the direction of your crow(s), and the only way you can connect crows to Survivors is by setting them in in the direction you think the Survivor will be — you need to predict their pathing.
That is why Artist's movement speed is necessary for pushing Survivors into Flight Paths with the threat of a Basic Attack injury. Even out in the open field, you can zone by directing a Flight Path to where they need to run towards, and corralling them from behind. This is how Artist is the best zoner in the game, and without being able to pressure Survivors into taking a path, her power would be ineffective.
That's why Cross-Map Snipes are typically inconsistent against experienced Survivors that don't run a predictable path — there's nothing to pressure them into being corralled into your set path and the margin of error is much higher.
This is the most important fundamental to internalize; without corralling your power will fail against good Survivors.
## Aiming Dire Crows — Resources
The next important point is understanding where to point the Dire Crows. Typically, you will want to point the Dire Crows at pallets and vault locations/windows. This achieves multiple results that favor you in chase.
Firstly, it makes for better zoning as Survivors need to use these resources in order to avoid taking a Basic Attack injury, thus their pathing is predictable.
Secondly, it means the trapped resource will remain trapped for the duration of the idle timer (and if you refresh the idle timer). That will often lead Survivors into leaving the safe tile and run towards the next one, and if unlucky, they are vulnerable in the open field to a Basic Attack hit.
Thirdly, because you have trapped a pallet/window, you don’t need to use intuition to guess where the Dire Crow will travel towards should you find yourself reoriented, or facing a different direction that would otherwise make it difficult to intuit where the Dire Crow will path towards. This can be useful particularly when you're rounding a corner and are facing perpendicular to where the Flight Path is facing.
## Aiming Dire Crows — Reference Points
Sometimes you will find yourself in a position where you are not able to point Flight Paths at resources, or you are in a chase in which you need to Swarm a Survivor before they reach certain resources. Or maybe there are multiple resources and you need to Swarm them before they can divert into different possible paths. This is where you should ideally use Reference Points. A Reference Point can be any object that will help you remember where the Dire Crow will fly towards— a tree, a bush, a barrel, the edge of a wall, the corner of a hay bale, anything.
By knowing exactly where the Dire Crow will land, you can still launch Dire Crow(s) more accurately so that they make contact with Survivors. I find myself using Reference Points instead of resources when I need an even faster corral, or if I need to Swarm a Survivor before they reach a part of the map with a lot of line-of-sight breaks which prompts me into switching to a Shotgun follow-up. Bear in mind, that whatever your Reference Point is, it needs to be something you're predicting the Survivor will path towards because you can corral them towards it.
## How to Properly Check Generators
Dire Crows can act as reconnaissance on key objectives such as Generators. A good habit to have is to use the information to make informed decisions, rather than immediately reacting. Take for example at the start of the match you spawn in and have no idea where Survivors are. You ideally should launch Dire Crows at 2-3 Generators that are the furthest or most troublesome for you to run towards to check on, while moving in the direction of closer Generators that you can quickly check on. Take note of which Survivors got swarmed and their positions, where did Killer Instinct activate, and where nobody was detected at. Instead of simply running towards the closest Survivor that is Swarmed or revealed, make an informed decision on where you can bother the most Survivors effectively based on the information you gathered. If you didn't find anyone at any Generator, you can often deduce by process of elimination of where they should be.
If you have Corrupt Intervention, then consider checking the adjacent Jungle Gyms or possible spawn locations Survivors may be hiding in instead of aiming at blocked Generators.
Be aware that experienced Survivors will stand away from Generators to avoid being detected after you've hooked someone expecting Dire Crows to be launched at the Generators they were working on before returning to repairing them. If you suspect Survivors are doing this, it may be worth checking the same contested Generator(s) one more time. Or you can launch Dire Crows to one side of the Generator you suspect Survivors are hopping off to. With enough distance, Survivors can react in time to run away from the Generator being checked on and without being revealed by Killer Instinct.
## Power Charge Management
Managing the timing of charging your power against a Swarmed Survivor is very beneficial for a couple reasons. Understand that for as long as you are charging and holding a Birds of Torment charge, Artist begins moving much slower. Instead of moving at 115% which is 4.6 m/s, she moves at 92% which is 3.68 m/s. Here is a table to help put into perspective how slow Artist moves whenever charging or holding her power fully charged:
Movement Speeds
Artist | Charging/Summon/Launch | 3.68 m/s
Nemesis | T1/T2 Tentacle Held | 3.8 m/s
Nurse | Normal Movement | 3.85 m/s
Survivors | Running | 4.0 m/s
Nemesis | T3 Tentacle Held | 4.0 m/s
Huntress | Normal Movement | 4.4 m/s
Pyramid Head | Walking Torment | 4.4 m/s
Artist | Normal Movement | 4.6 m/s
Considering Artist moves even slower than The Nurse while holding a charged power, Survivors are able to gain more distance the longer you charge/hold your power thus reaching another safe resource. That is why holding-W, or in other words, continuously running from the Killer instead of staying at a tile to loop, is the effective counter to Artist's power. And the more distance Survivors have, the less corralled/zoned they are which means you can’t effectively use your power. Ideally we want to minimize the time spent holding a fully charged power . Whether going for a Shotgun, or a single Snipe, I will summon Dire Crow(s) as fast as I can.
Recall back to the Token Management section — it takes 1 second to fully charge your power before you can summon a Dire Crow. However, you can begin charging your power 1 second before Birds of Torment comes off cool-down. This results in being able to summon a Dire Crow immediately when your power is no longer in cool-down, thus giving you an extra 1 second on your window to shoot the follow-up Dire Crow(s) on a Swarmed Survivor. Remember, this only works if you only launched 1 Dire Crow to Swarm a Survivor. Now you have maximized the Shotgun window to a 0.5 - 1.5 second window (spare time to aim), or given yourself an extra 4.6m to corral a Survivor into the single Snipe .
A really helpful tip for min-maxing the shotgun window: After launching 1 Dire Crow to Swarm a Survivor, you can gauge the length of the cool-down by looking at the Power Icon HUD and seeing the square fill up slowly. When the square filling up reaches the last corner of the square, you can then begin charging your power. If timed properly, you will always have your power fully charged right when the power comes off cool-down — optimal min-max power management.
## Not All Injuries Are Equal
I recommend focusing on the other fundamentals before internalizing this one. Once you are very comfortable with using her power, you'll want to understand that there are many paths that Artist can take that leads to an injury but the value of each path is measured against how long it took to take that injury, and you need to weigh the risks associated with each method. You'll want to think of how to end chases as quickly as possible.
Here is a hierarchy of methods to inflict injuries from the most efficient to the least efficient:
- Cross-Map Snipes (assuming Survivor pathing is predictable)
- Double-Tap Downs (result from Hip Fires; typically in cornered areas)
- Reverse Double-Tap Downs (high risk, high reward)
- Hip Fire Injuries (On first attempt; subsequent attempts diminishes efficiency)
- Single Mid-to-Far Swarm Snipe Injuries (efficiency based on distance; can be better than Hip Fires if enough distance saved)
- Basic Attack (only if Survivor is caught in the open; assumes power wasn’t used)
- Corralled Basic Attack (first attempt; subsequent attempts diminishes efficiency)
- Single Swarm Snipe Injuries (when directly in chase; no distance was saved)
- Brute Force Basic Attack (i.e. not using power, or relying on bloodlust— don't do this)
Cross-Map Snipes are more efficient the further they are, not only because you save yourself so much time from traveling the map, but also because their injury boost typically does not result in them creating more distance from you; they just reposition. They might actually gain more distance if you Sniped them from a corner of the map and they were only in the center of the map (they run towards the opposite corner of the map), but in that situation you can simply consider it as tagging them and not committing to chase.
If a Cross-Map Snipes results in a down, you could have a strong opportunity to snowball if instead of picking them up you leave them slugged, and immediately chase another Survivor closer to your current position.
However, the less predictable a Survivor is, the less consistent these shots are (and the more time is wasted). In some matches you may not get any Cross-Map Snipes at all.
Going for Cross-Map Snipes is more of a macro-gameplay decision. Be cautious about committing to a chase in this way; first consider the positions of other Survivors that may be closer to you, or are contesting your key objectives. One bad habit an Artist player may develop is always committing to Cross-Map Snipes for chases, but they end up wasting so much time crossing the entire map multiple times. And they do this because they only know the location of this one Swarmed Survivor. It is easy to stop thinking of the other Survivors’ possible positions when your power will tell you where one person is.
Hip Fires are typically more efficient than Swarm Injuries in chase because it achieves so much. The launch cool-down animation is shorter and you gain more distance compared to Basic Attack cool-downs, which can potentially lead into a Double-Tap down if the Survivor is cornered, mispositioned, in a dead zone, or coming out of basement stairs. Hip Fires bypasses the Birds of Torment cool-down which is a big bottleneck to fast chases. Hip Fires force Survivors to leave tiles which leads to a Corralled Basic Attack which is still typically fast. Hip Fires and Corrals can be faked which punishes Survivors that hold-W too carelessly. Since Hip Fires are up close and typically within line-of-sight, there is a reduced risk of missing shots compared to Shotguns and Snipes.
What makes Swarm Snipes less efficient is that the whole process is time-consuming, sluggish and power cool-downs bottleneck how fast a chase can potentially be. Think of it this way:
- Charging power (1s)
- Summoning Crow (0.5 in between summons)
- Summon-to-Fire Cool-down  (~ 1s; Survivor Swarmed )
- Power cool-down (5s)
- Charging power (0s; proper management assumed)
- Summoning Crow (0.5-1.5s)
- Summon-to-Fire Cool-down (~ 1s)
- Power cool-down (5-12s)
- 1 Health State removed; repeat the process.
Factor in that with the injury boost Survivors get, you'll often need to close the gap to get line-of-sight (adding more time) and redo the whole process. If you miss any shots, then it greatly adds more time to the chase. Compare that process to a Hip Fire:
- Charging power (1s)
- Summoning Crow (0.5s)
- Corral Survivor (0 - X seconds; varies per instance)
- 1 Health State removed
One downside to Hip Fires is that you need to close the gap from the Survivor first , since the Flight Path injury is only 8m long. Against Exhaustion perks, you may end up wasting more time if you’re trying to catch up to them before setting up Hip Dires.
Swarm Snipes can be more efficient when you go for them as you’re closing the distance to a Survivor — the power cooldown doesn’t matter if the timer elapses during the time you would’ve spent simply closing the distance for a Hip Fire . Just be careful about missing because the more Swarm Shots/Swarm Snipes you miss, the more distance you lose and the more time wasted. You actually lose distance from the Survivor for each attempt you make. So while Swarm Snipes can be made efficient, they can fall off if the Survivor is dodging your shots because there is a higher risk of missing without line-of-sight, and because they aren’t Corralled without you being directly behind them. When you’re not immediately behind them, they are not pressured into committing to their pathing.
Swarm Snipes require experience and nuance to optimize. You want to use them from far enough that you are effectively in chase as you’re closing the gap, but not too far from them that you can’t corral them into the Flight Path’s direction. If you’re very close to a Survivor, it is then better to switch to Hip Fire injuries, provided that the vicinity’s resources allow you to do so.
The main takeaway from this section is understanding that Artist can injure with a few different methods, but being able to assess the skill of the opponent and being able to respond to the chase with the appropriate method based on the vicinity’s resources, will favor you in shorter chases.
There will be a table of advantages and disadvantages of each injury method later in this guide (refer to the Advantages, Disadvantages, & Swapping Modes ) that detail when you can go for a specific mode of injury, and that detail when you cannot go for a specific mode of injury.
## Disintegrating vs. Launching
Sometimes summoned Dire Crows were placed incorrectly, or the chase has gone too far from where they’re idle. You are presented with the choice to either launch the Dire Crows prematurely so that you get them back sooner, or to let them disintegrate on their own which means your power won’t return to you for longer, but you don’t lose distance from catching up to the Survivor you’re chasing. So to effectively make a choice, you need to weigh if you need your power back earlier, or if you need to avoid losing distance.
Number of Dire Crows Launched | Cool-down Duration | Idle Duration + Power Recharge | Idle Duration + Power Recharge (+Ink Egg ) | Idle Duration + Power Recharge (+Ink Egg & Automatic Drawing)
1 Dire Crow | 5 seconds | 12 seconds | 10 seconds | 8.5 seconds
2 Dire Crows | 9 seconds | 12 seconds | 10 seconds | 8.5 seconds
3 Dire Crows | 12 seconds | 12 seconds | 10 seconds | 8.5 seconds
4 Dire Crows (Ink Egg add-on) | 15 seconds | 12 seconds | 10 seconds | 8.5 seconds
If you need your power sooner, launch if you only have ≤ 2 idle Dire Crows summoned. This is the general rule.
With Ink Egg equipped, I recommend launching if you need power sooner only if 1 idle Dire Crow is summoned. I generally leverage distance more important than the 1 second faster power recharge saved from launching 2 Dire Crows.
With Ink Egg and Automatic Drawing, I recommend launching if you need power sooner only if you have summoned 1 Idle Crow. Any more than that and the add-on combo actually saves you time and distance.
I generally prefer to keep my distance over getting my power back faster. Your matches are going to dictate what you should do, as context matters more than generally guidelines.
There are typically two times I will feel like I need my power before my distance:
- I pointed a Dire Crow at a Reference Point that isn’t a resource and I know the Survivor won’t run back in that direction. It is useless, and isn’t trapping anything.
- I need to Swarm a Survivor before they reach a pallet-dense area, before they reach a Jungle Gym, or more importantly, before they reach a strong Main Building.
The reason I prefer my distance most of the time, is because I will keep setting up Hip Fires that are properly trapping resources. This is particularly true for filler tiles that are not in pallet dense areas.Those idle Dire Crows still serve the purpose of preventing a Survivor from returning to those tiles. It can make the area temporarily feel like a dead zone to a Survivor.
# Injuries Further Explained
## Hip Firing Properly
Artist is able to instantly injure Survivors by simply launching a Dire Crow while the Survivor is caught in the Flight Path, and the Dire Crow is uninterrupted by any physical environmental objects. If you summon a Dire Crow pointed at a pallet or window, you can often launch the Dire Crow and injure Survivors who stay at the tile. However, there is some nuance to properly using Hip Fires.
First, understand what a Survivor is likely to do upon reaching a pallet. If they have enough distance to do so safely, they will pre-drop the pallet or they run through it. If you begin to charge your power after you reach the tile, the Survivor will hear the audio cue of you charging your power and begin to leave the tile. With the pallet dropped, and with Survivor always looping on the opposite side of the tile, the loop becomes longer meaning they have even more distance to reach the next tile. If you break the pallet, you are not using your power correctly and the Survivor gains distance anyway. This can result in committing to a long chase against a Survivor who drops a pallet, you summon a Dire Crow too late, and go to the next tile to repeat the process until you've run out of Dire Crows or the Survivor runs out of tiles to chain from.
It is better to instead have your power reaching its full charge upon arriving at the tile the Survivor is running to, and from afar . You don't need to place the Dire Crow right next to the pallet or window. It is an 8m Flight Path, which means you can place the Dire Crow quite far from the tile and see that it reaches the other side of the window or pallet. You really just need about 1-2m of the Flight Path reaching through the pallet/window to effectively threaten the Survivor looping the tile with a Hip Fire injury. To reiterate, try to have your power fully charged upon arriving at a resource, and do it early enough that you only use the edge of the Flight Path going through the resource .
By having your power fully charged, you can also decide to fake your power or wait patiently to see how the Survivor reacts. More on this strategy will be detailed in the Counter Hold-W section. You won’t always be able to do this, especially if the loop is very round and you can’t strafe fast enough rounding the loop into the resource. In this event, you may need to transition into a Swarm Shot instead.
Positioning yourself and positioning the Flight Path can also greatly affect chase. If you point the Flight Path parallel (into) to the pallet, the Survivor is more likely to juke or bait a missed Hip Fire especially if there is a line-of-sight break as you're rounding the corner on a filler tile.
Pointing the Flight Path perpendicular to the pallet is typically better because they need to completely cross to the other side of the pallet, or vault the pallet, which removes the guesswork from a successful Hip Fire (or you can hear them vault and they’re stuck in the vault animation). A perpendicular Flight Path not only traps a pallet side, but it can also extend to trap to the opposite end of the filler tile which makes it harder for a Survivor to cross at two different points. You won't always be in a position where you can trap perpendicular instead of parallel, but if you see the opportunity then you should typically take it.
## Shotgunning Properly
Shotgun volleys typically work in the open field if the Survivor isn’t looking behind themselves, and/or their pathing is very predictable. However, it is much more likely a Survivor dodges your Shotgun shot if they’re looking behind themselves. So if you are up against experienced Survivors that are looking behind themselves, I would generally advise you to not go for Shotgun shots in the open field against them.They can simply commit to the left or right of your Shotgun spray to dodge them before you can launch them.
If you try to flick or correct your spray as they dodge, or in other words, you don’t bundle your Flight Paths tightly in parallel lines, they can run in between the gaps of the Shotgun volley. By doing so, they not only dodge your shot, but they also don’t lose distance because they can commit to a straighter path away from you in between the Shotgun gap.
Shotgun shots are ideal when the Survivor does not have line-of-sight on you nor the Dire Crows being summoned. They are less likely to dodge them if they can’t see them.
Furthermore, if the Survivor is confined to a small space or funneled in some way that limits their wiggle room to dodge, then a Shotgun shot becomes much better .
You can also go for Shotgun shots if they’re cross-map; it doesn’t hurt to try. Just don’t expect to land them on Survivors too often, especially against Survivors that are experienced enough to be unpredictable or to enter lockers. Remember to use proper power management so that Survivors don’t repel their Swarms before you launch your shot.
## Single-Snipe Shooting Properly
When both you and the Survivor have line-of-sight on each other, and you’re not going for a Hip Fire, it is typically optimal to instead go for a Single-Snipe. This means only launching 1 Dire Crow on a Swarmed Survivor. Why would you do this? Wouldn’t a Shotgun be better?
As previously explained, a Shotgun takes a bit of time to summon all 3 Dire Crows which means Survivors looking back can run away from their directions. You slowed yourself down from holding power too, which means that they can typically reach a different resource even with this inefficient pathing. Also, with all your Dire Crows summoned, you punish yourself into a long cool-down/recharge cycle before you can use your power again.
However, by summoning only 1 Dire Crow, you don’t lose as much distance to the Survivor and that will allow you to push them more effectively into that single Flight Path. You just need to predict which resource they’re running towards, and point the single Dire Crow at that one. Typically they don’t have enough distance to change directions, so they’re pressured into running into that resource despite seeing you having trapped it. The only thing they can try to do is to dodge it when they hear it launch. Try to be patient and wait to launch your Dire Crow when they’ve run far enough into it that they can’t dodge it in time, or if they do, you can Basic Attack injure them, but don’t wait so long that they’ll have fully crossed through the resource before the Dire Crow arrives in time.
Just be sure to be within mid-range distance from the Survivor so that you can corral them into the single Flight Path. They need to be pressured into moving towards it by the threat of your Basic Attack. The Flight Path also needs to be close enough so that your Dire Crow doesn’t disintegrate before the Survivor arrives to it.
## Stagger Shooting Properly
The merit in staggering your Dire Crows is to Swarm and Injure a Survivor in a single volley. If you space the Dire Crows apart far away enough, the Swarm's invincibility 0.75 second duration will elapse before the second Dire Crow connects. This is typically done when you know a Survivor is working on a Generator and they might not get off of it right away.
There is an easy way to reliably determine if you have spaced your Dire Crows apart far enough. When you summon the first Dire Crow, move straight towards your target as best as you can. As the Idle Timer counts down, pay attention to when the red bar on the Power HUD icon reaches the third corner. You can then charge and summon the second Dire Crow to set up your Staggered Shot.
The spacing between these two Dire Crows is made much smaller when using Severed Hands on Survivors grouped together. You can attempt a Staggered Shot on a Generator being repaired by two Survivors. Summon the first idle Dire Crow and continue moving forward as straight as you can, then as the Idle Timer counts down, summon the second Dire Crow when the red bar on the Power HUD icon reaches the second corner.
## Reverse Double-Tap Strategy
This strategy is something I developed after playing with Garden of Rot for a long while. It is very high risk and high reward so I would advise being comfortable with Artist's power before playing into this add-on. It will also take some experience and practice to recognize when you can play into this strategy. I'll first get into how the strategy works and then discuss how to
recognize a situation that calls for it.
Garden of Rot causes Survivors to become Exposed for 4 seconds after repelling a Swarm. This is a very short duration, but it has the implication that Survivors can't repel a Swarm when you're within lunging distance. If they do remove the Swarm then they'll just be downed instantly, right? What will often occur then is a Survivor will begin repelling but then stop before the 8-second progress bar completely fills, thus resetting their Swarm progress. Once they stop repelling (or if they choose not to repel at all), immediately use a Basic Attack to injure them . As they run away with their Injury Boost, you'll be able to immediately charge your power, Summon, and launch a Shotgun volley before they can remove the Swarm.
The benefit of this strategy is not just that this results in a very fast Healthy-to-Dying down. It’s also that you completely bypass the sequence of Birds of Torment cool-down timers that you'd ordinally trudge through when Swarming and Sniping a Survivor. Also, you actually have even more time to line up your Shotgun than if you had combined specific add-ons to increase the Swarm duration. Instead of waiting 5 seconds for your power cool-down to elapse, you only wait the 2.7 Basic Attack cool-down animation. And being able to launch your Dire Crows sooner means you'll technically have a more-accurate Swarm-aura revealing their last position because when a Survivor resets their Swarm progress, they also reset the Swarm aura-reveal.
Now, what are the risks? How could this strategy fail? If the Survivor has really unpredictable pathing, you can still miss the Shotgun following the Basic Attack. If they hop into a locker after receiving their Injury Boost while making enough distance from you, then they remove the Swarm and can't be punished. If they run towards a pallet, it becomes a 50/50 mindgame whether or not they stop repelling their Swarm in order to pallet-stun you. It doesn't matter if the vault a window , because they stop their repelling progress to do so and you can react in time to Basic Attack before they are completely on the other side. If for whatever reason this strategy fails, you'll have come out of it wasting time and potentially losing a chase, hence high risk, high reward.
When using this strategy, you'll need experience to identify opportunities when they present themselves. You basically want to ask  yourself, "Can I be within lunging distance before they remove the Swarm and before they reach any pallet" . "Can I be within lunging distance before the Swarm is repelled in 8 seconds" . If the answer is yes to both of these questions, then you can typically play into Garden of Rot. It may prove too difficult to try this strategy on a part of the map that is pallet-dense, or on a loop that is played out on different elevations (e.g. main buildings).
Playing into this add-on also means forgoing Swarm Shots from afar, which means this can be distance inefficient. So it is ideal that you are positive of which generators Survivors are working on since you won’t be using the power for checking on them.
# Advantages, Disadvantages, & Swapping Modes
H ere we’re going to look at the pros and cons to each, and with general rules of thumb when you need to swap methods during chase. For example, if you set 2 Hip Fires, you can’t then go for a Swarm Shot in that same volley; you’ll have too long a power cool-down from launching so many Dire Crows which makes a Swarm Snipe/Shotgun impossible. It’s important to recognize when to swap modes because some types of shots don’t work at certain structures/resources.
Mode | Advantages | Disadvantages | When to Swap to Different Mode | When You Can’t Swap Into This Mode
Hip Fire | Bypass Cooldowns Faster Hit Cooldown Converts to Fakes Converts to Corrals Trap Multiple Times | Need to close gap Distance inefficiency | Survivors pre-run Pallet dense areas Jungle Gyms* | Power Charged Too Late or You’re Too Far*
Swarm Shot/ Single Snipe | Distance Efficient Counters Hold-W Better for prerunners Fights Pallet Density | Increased Miss Risk Average Cool-downs | Main Structures* Many LOS Blocks | Can’t switch to Swarm Shots when even 1 Hip Fire is set
Shotgun | Efficient Hard Reads* Cross-Map Shots LOS Blocks Hide Your Crows | Greater Miss Risk Long Cool-downs | Main Structures* Open Field with LOS | When Survivor runs into Idle Crow
Corral into Basic Attack | Filler Tile Control Zone From Safety Bypass Cooldowns | Slower Hit Cooldown | Survivors pre-run Pallet dense areas | Really Long Filler Tile with Pallet Pre-Dropped
Garden of Rot Reverse Double-Tap | Bypasses Cooldowns Fast Healthy-Dying Swap Modes Faster Bypass Injury Boost Works for LOS blocks | Greater High Risk Time Investment Need to close gap Increased Miss Risk Pallet Stun Risk Requires Hard Read | Pallet dense areas God Pallets Strong Windows Jungle Gyms | Too Far From the Survivor upon Swarm Survivor Already Injured
# Counter Hold-W
Most Survivors will try to chain tiles, or hold-w, which is to say they will run from resource to resource without trying to loop. More specifically, they will loop a tile until they hear or see you begin charging your power because that’s when your movement speed is slowed down. While you can’t prevent Survivors from doing this, there are ways to attempt to punish them for doing so.
## Faking Power
The simplest way to punish Survivors holding-w is to fake your power. This will typically work against inexperienced Survivors, or Survivors that don’t do a good job of looking behind themselves as they run away.
They will typically hear the audio cue or see you charging power, and start running away but you can just stop charging your power and then proceed to Basic Attack hit them before they reach the next resource. You only need to drop charging your power when they’ve stopped looking behind themselves or you’re convinced they’re committed to leaving. This won’t work against experienced Survivors.
## Faking a Corral
This can be attempted at structures that have long line-of-sight breaks — e.g. TL tiles, or the large hills that spawn on some maps. What you can do is set a Dire Crow behind them and pretend to corral from the opposite direction, but what you really do is just stand in a spot the Survivor can’t checkspot view you from for about 1 second. Then you return towards the Dire Crow you set, and you’ll sometimes catch the Survivor that is running into the Flight Path or you’ll catch them crossing and you can Basic Attack them before they reach another resource..
These Survivors are conditioned into always crossing the Flight Path immediately, or soon after an Artist player corrals from the other side, because it typically works for them and they gain a lot of distance for it. You can try this mindgame on Survivors that are constantly looking back at you or you suspect are checkspotting you at these types of structures.
## Holding Power to Reposition
Faking your power isn’t always going to work; especially against experienced Survivors that are looking behind themselves. However, being patient and holding your power as you approach the tile can still be used to control or manipulate a Survivor’s pathing.
You can identify when you can do this at filler tiles especially, and when they’ve pathed through the other side of the pallet but without having made enough distance to leave the tile either. They’re aware you could fake your power so they choose to say until you have summoned a Dire Crow.
Survivors will always path in the opposite direction from your position at a tile. With what you know about the area and the closest resources, you can choose where they will be facing when they are forced to leave. Just as you don’t chase a Survivor in the direction that faces into the map when you’re on an edge-map tile, you don’t let the Survivor run towards strong resources when you summon your Dire Crow. You do this by Summoning the Dire Crow in such a way that threatens Survivor pathing towards better resources, which will cause Survivors to run in the opposite direction. You can then chase them down and punish them, assuming they don’t reach the next resource. Or they might be pushed into a weaker resource.
One additional benefit to holding power, is that if you reach a filler tile parallel to the pallet, you can hold your power to reposition yourself perpendicular to the pallet. The advantage to that as a reminder, is being able to threaten a Survivor from crossing through the pallet, and from crossing on the opposite end of the tile.
Holding power to reposition/manipulate Survivor positioning typically won’t work on really long filler tiles when the pallet is dropped.
## Multi-Trapping
Some Survivors won’t fall for power fakes, and they may be in a pallet dense area, or are able to reach the next tile even if you reposition yourself. The last thing, which is the most reliable counter, is to use a Dire Crow to multi-trap. This is the best method to counter Survivors that are in pallet dense areas, and are able to chain really well.
Summon a Dire Crow under a pallet (or next to it if dropped) but point the Flight Path towards the next resource you think the Survivor is going to chain to — typically the closest one.
What this does is trap two resources simultaneously. If the Survivor stays at the loop, then they’ll get Swarmed from using the pallet, which can be ideal as you bypass the power cool-down and can immediately charge a follow-up volley.
If they run away from the tile and run towards your second trapped resource, then you can launch the Dire Crow to Swarm them and play for a Snipe or Shotgun.
If they go to neither, and try to go to a further resource, then more often than not they’ll just give you a free Basic Attack injury.
# Miscellaneous Tips
## Keybind Bound to Mousewheel
A small, but really helpful tip is to rebind the Launch Dire Crows keybind ( Secondary Power ) on PC from CTRL to Mouse Wheel.
Sometimes when you are strafing to aim Dire Crows you need to be able to move around which can be difficult when also reaching for the CTRL key. It is also easier to immediately launch Dire Crows with a flick of the Mouse Wheel to insert the input multiple times in quick succession as opposed to spamming the CTRL button with your finger.
Making this change is easy to adapt to and feels more intuitive personally. It may not seem like a big difference, but being able to Hip Fire or Shotgun even slightly faster can make the difference between a Dying Survivor and a missed shot. It has definitely resulted in me getting Hip Fire injuries that I wouldn't have gotten with CTRL otherwise.
## Zanshin Tactics
This perk is typically underwhelming on most Killers. Windows of Opportunity is the counterpart to Zanshin Tactics, but it is actually really good and popular for Survivors to take. This is because Survivors can act on this information to take options maybe they wouldn’t otherwise.. With Zanshin Tactics equipped, knowing where the pallets and windows are, doesn’t open up new options to Killers. More importantly, it is very easy to know where the pallets and windows are from general Killer experience — especially when it is right in front of you. So without directly impacting chase, the macro level, nor providing any new information to the Killer, Zanshin Tactics is typically not a good pick. However, Artist is a Killer that does lead where chases go by preemptively trapping resources and pressuring Survivors into avoiding them or risk being injured.
With this perk, you can edge Flight Paths for Hip Fires more accurately and more timely. You can aim Flight Paths more accurately at pallets and windows from afar including those behind walls/structures. It also helps in countering Survivors that hold-w. You can summon a Dire Crow directly under a pallet and point the Flight Path at the next pallet/window you believe the Survivor will run towards ( refer to Counter Hold-W: Multi-Trapping ).
With this perk, you can take a look at the surrounding area where the chase is taking place to better decide whether to go for Hip Fires or Swarm Shots. Knowing the pallet density can also help make informed decisions when using Garden of Rot for the Double-Tap strategy.
Reference Points are much harder to use on indoor maps due to various line-of-sight blockers and corridors but with Zanshin Tactics highlighting these resources, you'll still be able to use these as Reference Points.
## Outplaying Decisive Strike
If you suspect that the Survivor you downed has an active Decisive Strike, you can Swarm them as they free themselves from your grasp. To do this, stand on top of their body but move back about 2.5 meters (Dire Crows you summon are positioned 2.5m in front of you) When you pick them up, should they use Decisive Strike against you, they'll land on the ground and immediately become Swarmed from the Idle Dire Crow. Once you’ve recovered from the stun, you can Summon 1-2 Dire Crows to aim where you think they'll be. If your launch was a good prediction, then they'll be downed again immediately.
# Add-Ons
 | Vibrant Obituary | Increases the Killer Instinct duration of Dire Crows by +3 seconds
 | Thick Tar | Increases the time required by Survivors to Repel a Dire Crow Swarm by +0.5 seconds
 | Oil Paints | Increases the Killer Instinct Detection radius of Dire Crows by +1.5 meters
 | Choclo Corn | Increases the Idle Time of Dire Crows before they disintegrate by +2 seconds
 | Velvet Fabric | When a Survivor attempts to Repel a Dire Crow Swarm, the Swarm’s Aura remains visible for another 1.5 seconds
 | Untitled Agony | Survivors swarmed by Dire Crows suffer from the Hindered Status Effect for 1.5 seconds
 | Still Life Crow | Increases the Idle Time of Dire Crows before they disintegrate by +4 seconds
 | Festering Carrion | Reduces the Cool-down time of Birds of Torment after a Dire Crow takes flight by -0.5 seconds
 | Automatic Drawing | Reduces the Cool-down time of Birds of Torment after a Dire Crow disintegrates from inactivity by -1.5 seconds
 | Thorny Nest | Survivors damaged by Dire Crows suffer from the Hemorrhage and Mangled Status Effects
 | Silver Bell | Survivors swarmed by Dire Crows suffer from the Oblivious Status Effect
 | O Grief, O Lover | Survivors Swarmed by Dire Crows suffer from the Exhausted Status Effect
 | Darkest Ink | Survivors swarmed by Dire Crows suffer from the Blindness Status Effect This effect persists for 15 seconds after Dire Crows are repelled from the Survivor
 | Charcoal Stick | The Auras of flying Dire Crows are no longer visible The Auras of Dire Crows are visible for 0.5 seconds upon being summoned
 | Severed Tongue | Reduces the Slow-down duration of The Artist when Dire Crows take flight by -0.5 seconds
 | Severed Hands | Any Survivor within 3 meters of a Survivor, who is being swarmed by Dire Crows, will also be swarmed.
 | Matias’ Baby Shoes | The Auras of Survivors within 5 meters of an idle Dire Crow are revealed to you for 3 seconds
 | Ink Egg | Increases the number of Dire Crows The Artist is able to hold by +1 Dire Crow Reduces the idle time of Dire Crows before they disintegrate by -2 seconds
 | Iridescent Feather | Grants the Undetectable Status Effect whenever Birds of Torment is on Cool-down and the The Artist holds no Dire Crows Reduces the number of Dire Crows The Artist is able to hold by -1 Dire Crow
 | Garden of Rot | When a Survivor completes the Repel action, they suffer from the Exposed Status Effect for 4 seconds
## Add-Ons Values
In this section are more specific, niche information relevant to add-ons and their practical effectiveness.
Oil Paints
The chart below details whether Killer Instinct will detect Survivors on these Generators from different elevations. So for example, could you launch a Dire Crow aimed directly underneath the generator situated at the top of Coal Tower’s main building from ground level?
If a specific map is not listed in the column below, it is because that map does not have generators on different elevations.
Unless otherwise specified, all generators from different elevations are tested from the map’s lowest elevation, or in other words, the ground.
There are some points in which you can position Artist on a slightly higher elevation to the ground floor to activate Killer Instinct, or even Swarm, a Survivor from. An example of this is you can Swarm a Survivor if standing on the veranda on Dead Dawg Saloon’s main building and shoot at the Gallows Generator, but you won’t Swarm them if launched from the ground floor. In the interest of brevity, the chart won’t be detailing each and every possible slight elevation change. Most of the time you won’t be standing in these niche spots.
If the checkmark box is ticked, it means that the Survivor on that generator was detected. If the box is not ticked, then it means that a Survivor was not detected despite them being there.
The generators that are only helped by Oil Paints are highlighted to make the difference easier to view at a glance.
For Raccoon Police Department (RPD) maps, there are three different elevations I tested from based on where you’re most likely to be aiming from. The upper floor and lower floors are from the top floor, and the lowest floor respectively. The ‘mid’ is the center of the map between the staircases with the hook in the middle.
Map | Base Kit Killer Instinct Detection Range | Oil Paints Killer Instinct Detection Range
Coal Tower | Main Upper Gen | Main Upper Gen
Thompson House | Main Upper Gen | Main Upper Gen
Father Campbell’s Chapel | Main Upper Gen | Main Upper Gen
Disturbed Ward | Main Upper Gen | Main Upper Gen
Haddonfield | Main Upper Gen Two-Story Upper Gen House Lower Gen | Main Upper Gen Two-Story Upper Gen House Lower Gen
Temple of Purgation | Temple Lower Gen | Temple Lower Gen
Mother’s Dwelling | Main Upper Gen | Main Upper Gen
The Pale Rose | Boat Upper Gen | Boat Upper Gen
Grim Pantry | Main Upper Gen Pier Upper Gen | Main Upper Gen Pier Upper Gen
Badham Preschool | Main Lower Gen Two-Story Upper Gen House of Pain Lower Gen | Main Lower Gen Two-Story Upper Gen House of Pain Lower Gen
The Game | Lower to Upper Floor Upper to Lower Floor | Lower to Upper Floor Upper to Lower Floor
Sanctum of Wrath | Main Upper Gen | Main Upper Gen
Hawkins | Upper to Lower Floor Low to Catwalk Gen Low to Glass Room Gen Low to Upper Solo Gen | Upper to Lower Floor Low to Catwalk Gen Low to Glass Room Gen Low to Upper Solo Gen
Dead Dawg | Main Upper Gen Gallows Upper Gen | Main Upper Gen Gallows Upper Gen
Midwich | Lower to Upper Floor Upper to Lower Floor Courtyard to Upper Floor | Lower to Upper Floor Upper to Lower Floor Courtyard to Upper Floor
RPD East | Lower to Mid Floor Lower to Upper Floor Mid to Lower Floor Mid to Upper Floor Upper to Lower Floor | Lower to Mid Floor Lower to Upper Floor Mid to Lower Floor Mid to Upper Floor Upper to Lower Floor
RPD West | Lower to Mid Floor Lower to Upper Floor Mid to Lower Floor Mid to Upper Floor Upper to Lower Floor | Lower to Mid Floor Lower to Upper Floor Mid to Lower Floor Mid to Upper Floor Upper to Lower Floor
Garden of Joy | Main Upper Gen | Main Upper Gen
Borgo | Main Upper Gen | Main Upper Gen
Toba Landing | Main Upper Gen | Main Upper Gen
Nostromo | Main Upper Gen | Main Upper Gen
Greenville Square | Main Upper Gen | Main Upper Gen
When we look at how many more generators in main buildings can be detected with Killer Instinct from the ground floor, you get 7 more. It is still unfortunate that it doesn’t detect all generators at different elevations.
Oil Paints excels on indoor maps with multiple generators on different floors, or more specifically, on RPD, The Game, and Midwich. As an additional bonus, Iridescent Feather pairs well with Oil Paints and on these maps you can use the Undetectable Status Effect even better because of the line-of-sight breaks.
I don’t have specific information to verify this, but it seems to me that the Killer Instinct detection is actually a sphere instead of a box shape. That means you have to aim perfectly under the generators on upper floors/elevations in order to detect the Survivor(s) repairing them. If your aim is slightly off to the side, you might not detect them with Killer Instinct as you normally would if the generator were on ground level. It also seems to me that these Survivors can avoid Killer Instinct detection easier because they can run away from the generator and be outside of the sphere because the sphere is centered on the Dire Crow, with the bottom of the curve just underneath the model itself.. That is also why even though you can detect Survivors on upper floors from the lower, you cannot detect Survivors on the lower floors from the upper.
On maps like Swamp, the elevation changes so much that even with Oil Paints you might not detect Survivors on slightly lower elevations unless a portion of the Flight Path descends.
Lastly, even though you will detect Survivors on main building generators more accurately, that doesn’t necessarily mean it is a good thing. Main buildings are strong loops and are particularly good against Artist because most of them either have loops that are played out on varying elevations, thus limiting your power’s effective coverage, or they have multiple entry/exit points that make prediction shots harder. Some main buildings even have both of these strengths. (e.g. Garden of Joy main). I wouldn’t really want to commit to chases in those structures, nor would I want to patrol those generators either.
Still, knowing Survivor positioning can still help you make informed decisions. You don’t need to chase the person in the main building to act on this information. Maybe deducing who is up there, could inform you who needs to rotate into rescuing the person on the hook, and you can deduce where they might be, for example.
Velvet Fabric
The information below will attempt to illustrate how well this add-on reduces the margin of error when going for Shotgun shots specifically. The calculations are just to show I did the homework and if anything is wrong it can be pointed out. Otherwise, feel free to jump to the conclusion below.
Calculating the Margin of Error:
If we assume that a circle graph represents all possible positions a Survivor could run to within a specified duration, and the circumference is the maximal distance in any given direction a Survivor can reach before your Shotgun is launched, then we can visually see how wide their potential position could be leveraged against a Shotgun shot’s coverage — this circle is the margin of error. First, we need to make some assumptions, such as Survivor movement speed. If an Exhaustion perk like Sprint Burst activates, then none of this information is helpful anymore. We are also going to assume that proper power management was used and the Dire Crows were launched as quickly as possible.
Swarm Aura Linger Duration
Base: 2.5 seconds
Velvet Fabric: 4 seconds (+1.5 seconds)
Birds of Torment Cool-Down: 5 seconds | 4.5 seconds        (with Festering Carrion)
Charge Time: 0 seconds                                                          (assuming properly managed)
Summons Cool-Down: 0.5 | 1                                                 (2-3 Dire Crows, respectively)
Spawn-to-Launch Cool-Down Duration: 1 second
Total: 6.5 - 7 seconds | 6 - 6.5 seconds (with Festering Carrion)
The total time denotes how long it will take for the Shotgun to connect with the Swarmed Survivor after they have been Swarmed with 1 Dire Crow used beforehand.
Note: Birds of Torment cool-down begins elapsing before the Survivor is hit by the Swarm; cool-down is ticking as the Dire Crow traverses towards its destination. We will assume that your power comes off cool-down at the same rate it took to cover the distance, thus travel time is typically a non-factor.
Swarm No Aura-Read Duration (Connect Time - Swarm Aura Duration = No Swarm Aura Time)
Base Kit | 4 seconds (2 Crows) | 4.5 seconds (3 Crows)
Velvet Fabric | 2.5 seconds (2 Crows) | 3 seconds (3 Crows)
Base Kit + Festering Carrion | 3.5 seconds (2 Crows) | 4 seconds (3 Crows)
Velvet Fabric + Festering Carrion | 2 seconds (2 Crows) | 2.5 seconds (3 Crows)
Now that we have the duration Survivors can move around without you knowing their exact positioning (because the Swarm’s aura-reveal duration has elapsed), we can use that info combined with Survivor movement speed to calculate the maximal radius, which is running in a straight line in one direction from their last known position.
Survivor Movement Speed : 100% | 4 meters/second
4m/s x swarm no aura read duration
Maximal Survivor Distance Covered Without Swarm Aura-Reading
Base Kit | 16 meters (2 Crows) | 18 meters (3 Crows)
Velvet Fabric | 10 meters (2 Crows) | 12 meters (3 Crows)
Base Kit + Festering Carrion | 14 meters (2 Crows) | 16 meters (3 Crows)
Velvet Fabric + Festering Carrion | 8 meters (2 Crows) | 10 meters (3 Crows)
Now that we know the maximum distance in one direction, we can double these values so that we form the entire circle — the complete range in which a Survivor could be positioned in the time your Shotgun connects. The reason these values are doubled is because a Survivor could either run left or right in a straight line, and we have to take into account both possibilities.
Complete Circle of Survivor Positioning Without Swarm Aura-Reading
Base Kit | 32 meters (2 Crows) | 36 meters (3 Crows)
Velvet Fabric | 20 meters (2 Crows) | 24 meters (3 Crows)
Base Kit + Festering Carrion | 28 meters (2 Crows) | 32 meters (3 Crows)
Velvet Fabric + Festering Carrion | 16 meters (2 Crows) | 20 meters (3 Crows)
Velvet Fabric Conclusion
We have finally arrived at how much a difference Velvet Fabric makes. The percentage represents the reduction in the margin of error, or in other words, a smaller the circle.
Number of Dire Crows Launched | 2-Crow Shotgun | 3-Crow Shotgun
Velvet Fabric Improvement Compared to Base | 37.5% (-12m) | 33.33% (-12m)
Velvet Fabric + Festering Carrion Improvement Compared to Base | 42.86% (-12m) | 37.5% (-12m)
Velvet Fabric shows a Swarmed Survivor’s aura for an additional 1.5 seconds, or in other words, for an additional 6 meters. That removes a total of 12m from where they could possibly run to in this circle without you knowing about it, which greatly increases your Shotgun’s accuracy. The
more Dire Crows you summon, the less accurate it will technically be.
Here is a super rough visual representation of the conclusion chart. I used pixels at a 1:1 ratio to represent meters, and I’m assuming the Survivor hitbox is about 1-2m wide which is represented as the red dot. From Left to Right the Circles are 1, 2, 3, and 4. Within each circle is an additional circle. The green color represents the base aura-reveal , and the yellow represents Velvet Fabric to demonstrate how it reduces the margin of error. The lighter tones of each color represents Festering Carrion being added .
Base Kit | 32 meters (2 Crows) Circle 1 | 36 meters (3 Crows) Circle 2
Velvet Fabric | 20 meters (2 Crows) Circle 1 | 24 meters (3 Crows) Circle 2
Base Kit + Festering Carrion | 28 meters (2 Crows) Circle 3 | 32 meters (3 Crows) Circle 4
Velvet Fabric + Festering Carrion | 16 meters (2 Crows) Circle 3 | 20 meters (3 Crows) Circle 4
In the open field, a Shotgun is not going to help you if a Survivor is looking back and/or they’re running unpredictably. To illustrate this, I’m going to take Circle 4 as an example because I am most likely going to use a 3-Crow Shotgun with Festering Carrion.
I don’t know how wide the Dire Crow hitbox is, but I’m going to assume it is 2m wide, because from experience the injuries I’ve gotten seem to suggest it is bigger than the Dire Crow model shows.
As you can see, the margin of error is still much too big. A Survivor has so much area to run to in order to avoid connecting with a Shotgun spray. Even with Velvet Fabric (represented as the smaller circle), there is still some wiggle room for the Survivor.
However, if we only go for Shotgun shots when a Survivor is confined to a small corridor, or a small space of some kind, such as being inside a Jungle Gym (or more specifically this Short-Wall Jungle Gym), then we can see that the margin of error for the Shotgun is much smaller. This is because the Survivor has less room to navigate within this small space, which means the Shotgun spray is more likely to connect despite the spray itself not changing in size.
This is just an example, so use your best judgment when going for these shots when a Survivor is inside a Jungle Gym. If they vault the window or are on the outside of the Jungle Gym, then they still have much more wiggle room to navigate away from the Shotgun spray. It is also worth noting that I didn’t take exact measurements of the Jungle Gym to create this visual. I created the general layout and reduced the size to what seemed appropriate compared to the size of the Survivor.
Outside of Shotgun sprays, I probably wouldn’t use Velvet Fabric. Even for Single Snipe shots, you typically need to corral them into the Flight Path and you’ll have a direct line of sight long enough to gauge when you need to fire.
Severed Tongue
Shortening the launch cool-down on Artist from 1.5 seconds to 1 second, will net you +0.46m in distance you otherwise wouldn’t get. Moving, roughly, an additional half meter of distance doesn’t sound like much and it doesn’t sound like this add-on has any significant impact. However, I find that the most notable part of this add-on is being able to act out of the animation faster, makes this add-on valuable and merits its position in the tier list. Being able to act out of animation faster means you are more likely to convert a Hip Injury into a Double Tap down. It means you can vault through a window more quickly after Hip Firing a Survivor that vaulted a strong window. It means being able to pick up a Dying Survivor who is under a pallet, and you are able to pick them up before a teammate can position themselves for a pallet save. This add-on has gotten me basement double-taps that I otherwise wouldn’t get.
I don’t think Severed Tongue is meant for Single-Snipes or Shotguns aside from a quality-of-life improvement. Severed Tongue is really meant for making Hip Fire injuries, one of her most efficient modes for inuring, even better. And of course it means being able to close the gap after a Survivor receives their injury boost could make the difference between downing a Survivor and them reaching a resource to get away. Remember, you can set a Hip Fire from 8m away ; so not only does that half meter of distance close the gap better, but you are more likely to set a Flight Path from afar before a Survivor reaches a resource. Also, consider this:
Basic Attack Cool-Down: 2.7 seconds
Hip Fire Cool-Down: 1.5 seconds
Severed Tongue Hip Fire Cool-Down: 1 second
If my understanding isn’t wrong, if we look at the 0.5 seconds reduced from a Hip Fire and compare that to Save the Best for Last , it is roughly as if 3.5 Tokens of STBFL are applied to Hip Fires but instead of a perk, you get this in the form of an add-on. (Note: this example was written before the STBFL nerf but the sentiment still applies).
## Tier List
## Add-Ons Tier List Explained
Severed Hands
Contagious Swarms is on a completely different level to the rest of the add-ons. It opens up a lot of new opportunities and numerous advantages. During a chase against a Swarmed Survivor, if they run into a teammate and spread their Swarm, you have the opportunity to damage multiple Survivors simultaneously — effectively increasing your "DPS" which is the only add-on to do this. This add-on allows for more consistent Staggered Shots because a shared Swarm bypasses the Invincibility buffer from being Swarmed. It allows for more effective tunneling should any Survivors attempt to bodyblock by being able to shoot through a Survivor at more easily. It generally makes altruism plays more likely to be punished by being able to threaten everyone involved. You can pressure Survivors from healing after hook rescues (even better with Floods of Rage equipped) while you’re chasing another Survivor — that’s insanely strong. This add-on also further enhances the effectiveness of all the other Swarm add-ons by being able to spread status debuffs.Really though, the main strength comes from the potential in damaging multiple Survivors in one volley and that alone makes this add-on the strongest.
Matias' Baby Shoes
Removes most of  the guesswork when going for Hip Fires on structures or tiles that have long line-of-sight breaks. Since Hip Fires are among the best uses of Artist's power, this add-on making these shots more consistent is a strong effect. With near-perfect knowledge, it also prevents Survivors from gaining a lot of distance by crossing immediately when a Dire Crow is summoned which is incredible considering Artist is countered by Survivors holding-W. It also has the added bonus of being able to reveal Survivors that are on different elevations on some of the indoor maps such as RPD, Midwich, and Gideon. When securing a hook, Artist is able to bottleneck the path Survivors need to cross to go for the unhook. This add-on can be placed tactically behind walls (if there are any) pointed through gaps that Survivors may cross so that you have perfect information and punish with a Hip Fire. However, the aura-range is only 5m, and with the Flight Path being 8m long, sometimes you won't get an aura-read if you set up the Dire Crow too far from the pallet and the Survivor chooses to cross the path.
Garden of Rot
I once believed this to be one of the worst add-ons but since then have come to understand and appreciate this add-on's strengths. The proper way to use this add-on is by going for Reverse Double-Taps. This strategy is only possible thanks to Garden of Rot, and this can make very fast Healthy-to-Dying downs. It is the only add-on which makes shifting from Hip Fire shots to Swarm Shots in the same volley viable. This is because normally a Survivor would start repelling and your power wouldn't return from the long cool-down before the Swarm is removed, but Garden of Rot pressures Survivors into not repelling their Swarm when you're nearby. What often happens is your power will return from a long cool-down in time for a Reverse Double-Tap. There is still a big risk in wasting the time being invested into this strategy if anything goes wrong. Even if everything goes right, you could still miss the Shotgun after they get their injury-boost, or they could hop into a locker after their injury-boost. If used properly at the start of the match, this add-on could catch a Survivor by surprise and having immediate pressure in the early game is valuable too — the Killer is weakest at the start of the match and the sooner you have someone hooked, the more favored you are to win. There is also some utility in using this add-on and pairing it with Severed Hands to aid in tunneling. If the bodyblocker repels the Swarm, they are instantly downed and you can tunnel uncontested. If they don't repel the swarm, the victim of the tunnel is going to constantly be Swarmed even if they repel their respective Swarm thanks to Severed Hands reapplying it by the bodyblocker. As of writing this, I haven't figured out a perfect formula for when to play into this add-on, and how to make Snipes really consistent for the Reverse Double-Tap. If such a formula were to be developed, this add-on could overtake Severed Hands spot as the best add-on. Unfortunately, the high risk of playing into this strategy holds it back into this spot in the tier list.
Severed Tongue
A very nuanced add-on that works best for Hip Fires. With a shorter Launch cool-down animation, that means you get out of the reduced Movement Speed 33% faster. That additional distance translates to about 0.46m you normally wouldn't get after Launching. When going for Swarm Shots, being able to close the gap can provide some benefit as the Survivors gain less ground by holding-W. However, this add-on really shines when going for Hip Fires. Survivors injured from a Hip Fire will often use their injury-boost to get to the next resource but because you cover more distance, it can sometimes lead to you converting the Hip Fire into a Double-Tap by being able to lunge at the last moment before the Survivor reaches the window or pallet. Or instead of lunging, you can set up another Hip Fire slightly sooner. Because the Launch cool-down is 33% faster, that also means you can Basic Attack 33% faster after Launching a Dire Crow. This faster animation cool-down is most noticed in two specific scenarios. Survivors running out of the basement after a hook rescue will try to vault Shack Window, and without Severed Tongue you might not get the vaulting Survivor because they've made it past the window.  Second, is when you Launch a Hip Fire but the Survivor jukes out of the way successfully and immediately vaults the pallet to get away from your Basic Attack. If you would need to do a full lunge to reach the Survivor before they make it across the pallet, it can be done at times specifically because of Severed Tongue. This add-on also makes it so that choosing to Launch misplaced Dire Crows is more forgiving as you are slowed down less while you're chasing a Survivor and you won't have to wait for the Dire Crows to disintegrate away. Lastly, it is my subjective experience that this add-on just generally feels really nice to use. It makes Artist feel less sluggish which is a plus.
Velvet Fabric
There will be Survivors that force going for Swarms and this is the best add-on for Cross-Map Snipes. The further away Survivors are, the bigger the margin of error for a Snipe. Having the extra aura-read on Swarms means you can line up your shot a bit more accurately according to their last position. There is also a chance that a Survivor may double-back after running in one direction to fool you of their pathing, unaware that the add-on is revealing their double-back. Some players might feel their timing is off for knowing their window for shotgunning because they won't know when the Survivor has begun repelling, but as we covered in this guide we should always assume that the Survivor began repelling immediately and we want to min-max the shotgun window. I am convinced this add-on shines most when combined with Festering Carrion to use Shotgun shots when the Survivor is in a confined area, particularly if you have lost line-of-sight. That could be in hallways on indoor maps, main building structures assuming you can spray them before they change elevation. You can still aim reasonably accurately without this add-on, and I personally don’t find myself ever missing it when I don’t equip it. However, knowing a Survivor’s last position can’t be bad, right? Its effects and how helpful it really is just may be too subtle for me to really tell but if anything can make your shots more accurate, then it deserves to be higher in the tier list.
Festering Carrion
A solid add-on that will provide value consistently throughout the match. Being able to recover from power cool-down 0.5 seconds faster can sometimes result in getting a Snipe or Swarm Injury before a Survivor can repel them, or maybe before they are able to enter a locker. This add-on is also a popular pick to pair with Thick Tar so that the follow-up volley after a Swarm Shot gives you an extra 1 second in your shotgun window. I recommend equipping that combo especially when first learning Artist. With proper Token Management, this add-on doesn't benefit as much. You can still shotgun with 3 Dire Crows without it, but having the extra window can result in a slightly more accurate read on the Survivor positioning. At the end of the day, it is still only 0.5 seconds. What makes this add-on better than Thick Tar, is that Festering Carrion will always affect you — you will always be launching Dire Crows so you'll always be recovering a bit faster.  This add-on is also better than Thick Tar because it works on Hip Fires which is typically more optimal. This add-on can pair well with Severed Tongue to remove some of the sluggishness from her power and pressure in chase just a tiny bit more.
Thorny Nest
This add-on applies Mangled and Hemorrhage when injuring with Dire Crows. Since med-kits were nerfed and healing in general has been made slower, the Mangled effect has been made stronger which means this add-on is also stronger. Slowing down the game is a good effect and there are a couple additional benefits to Artist specifically. When combined with the right build or aura-reading perks, you can interrupt altruistic healing consistently which can cause an unlucky team to remain injured for long periods of time. If Thorny Nest causes Survivors to stay injured, then it indirectly causes you to bypass half of your Birds of Torment cool-downs when going for Swarm Shots because you don’t need to take two Health States. This add-on is particularly special because it is one of the few add-ons that work for Swarm Shots and Hip Fires. The downside is that it doesn't work on corralling Survivors into a Basic Attack, and some Survivors will insist on avoiding every Dire Crow injury to instead take the Basic Hit to avoid being Mangled.
Ink Egg
Having an extra Dire Crow in your arsenal is not necessary but it can make for more oppressive shots. When combined with Festering Carrion, it is possible to Launch 4 Dire Crows before a Swarmed Survivor can repel assuming proper power management, and launching so many technically reduces the margin of error for Shotguns. When paired with Severed Hands, it is possible to put a Survivor from Healthy-to-Dying in a single volley with a Staggered Shot on a Generator being worked by multiple Survivors, but it isn't super consistent as Survivors will generally hop off the Generator. You can better distribute your 4 shots against multiple Survivors that are Swarmed because of Severed Hands. However, Launching 4 Dire Crows also means an even longer cool-down which can be painful particularly if you miss. The faster disintegration on Idle Dire Crows from Ink Egg is a genuine benefit most of the time. When they disintegrate faster, it means your power returns faster if you choose not to Launch Dire Crows whether they were misplaced or if Survivors chained away from a Hip Fire setup. The faster disintegration will make single Snipes harder as a tradeoff. Ink Egg also pairs well with Garden of Rot but only for Reverse Double-Taps, because it can reduce the margin of error. Ink Egg can also help Shotgun against Survivors using Decisive Strike, or Survivors that run into your Idle Dire Crows — instead of having only 2 Dire Crows after Swarming them, you still have 3. Despite being overall a pretty flexible and beneficial add-on, it is still quite risky and the Launch cool-down at times can be detrimentally long. The value from this add-on will only scale with how accurate your predictions are. The main reason I find it helpful, is for the faster disintegration speed, which makes it a good a flexible add-on to switch from Hip Fires to Swarm Shots — crucial against good Survivors.
Thick Tar
A good add-on specifically for allowing more time in your follow-up window for a Swarm Injury. When up-close, the longer repel timer also means that the Survivor is somewhat pressured into not vaulting or dropping a pallet for longer in order to avoid resetting their repel timer. It is a popular pick for pairing with Festering Carrion to earn an extra 1 second in your shotgun window. However, this add-on does nothing for Hip Fires so if you're doing well getting this type of injury then the add-on's value really starts to fall off. Sometimes when you're going for Snipes, Survivors will hop into lockers immediately upon being Swarmed and this add-on did nothing. Sometimes a Survivor will choose to vault or drop a pallet without having committed much progress to their repel timer, which can mean this add-on really did nothing as you now have an ever bigger shotgun window that the 0.5 extra seconds will be negligible compared to the 8-second repel timer they just reset. Overall though it is still a solid add-on for allowing more time for single-shot Snipes in chase, and for Shotguns.
Iridescent Feather
An interesting transformative add-on that has potential but really lacks consistency and impact. The proper way to use this add-on is to play into subterfuge and use some amount of information perks to get the jump on unaware Survivors. Swarmed Survivors are alerted Survivors; they position themselves in safe tiles and begin repelling or hop into a locker. The rest of the team will typically have a sense of safety if they weren't Swarmed because the majority of Artists will commit to Survivors they have swarmed. So what you can do is Launch all your Dire Crows at Generators, but use information from some perk(s) and use your Undetectable status effect to stealth up to a different Survivor nearby to get a free Basic Attack. Having a somewhat functional Undetectable power on command can be fun and net you free injuries on Survivors and especially on those that like to pre-run when they hear your Terror Radius. This add-on could be paired with Oil Paints so that you can check general areas a bit more effectively, and give you some value from expending all your Dire Crows in lieu of not using your power for Snipes. However, is that necessarily better? If you're caught with your power on cool-down and despite being Undetectable the Survivor reaches a safe tile, the tradeoff is worse. Being limited to 2 Dire Crows can be a little tricky for some players to use in chase. If you're in an open field or on an outdoor map then your Undetectable might not help you ambush Survivors. Lastly, the Undetectable status effect may not last long enough to position yourself properly to ambush Survivors. On the flip side, Iridescent Feather can be really good on indoor maps. If you're lucky you can grab a Survivor off a Generator while Undetectable which is the best case scenario. If you want to bring a build that benefits specifically from Basic Attacks, such as with Expose effects, then this is a better add-on to get Basic Attacks.
Alternatively, Iridescent Feather could help sometimes for mindgames in chase. If you're at a Jungle Gym and you miss a Shotgun Shot, you may get the Killer Instinct while having your Red Stain completely hidden which could make for an easier Basic Attack at the Jungle Gym, but that assumes the Survivor didn't just hold-W to the next tile.
Untitled Agony
This add-on really works for one purpose because of how low impact it is despite being very consistent. It only works on Swarm Shots and it is used to slow down a Survivor when they're chaining tiles/holding-W so they're less likely to reach the next resource. I only run it with Garden of Rot to help make the Reverse Double-Tap easier/more consistent. Assuming you used one Dire Crow to Swarm the Survivor, they lose 1.6m of distance due to the Hinder effect which may not sound like a lot but when you need to position yourself for a lunge or to threaten the Expose hit from Garden of Rot, that extra distance can be the difference between putting someone in the Dying State or wasting time. This add-on falls off in areas of the map that are really pallet dense, or on a god pallet. The effect is so short that it often seems like it did nothing. You can also pair it with Severed Tongue, so that when combined you actually don’t lose any distance when Swarming a Survivor with 1 Dire Crow — the slow down from using your power is completely negated. Knowing this, I can swap from a Hip Fire to a Swarm Shot without waiting for the Dire Crows to disintegrate, only if I believe that the Hinder on the Survivor will prevent them from reaching a resource before I can lunge at them with a Basic Attack.
Darkest Ink
This is a decent effect and what separates this from most of the other Status-inflicting add-ons is that this one actually lingers for a few seconds after the Swarm is removed. The Blindness debuff is really going to be meta-dependent and it will change how this add-on is listed on the tier list. Currently Windows of Opportunity is one of the most popular Survivor perks which can help extend chase. If the Survivor is really good at chaining tiles and you're forced to go for Swarm Shots, then Blinding them from their perk could make them less efficient in their pathing. Troubleshooter, which is another aura-reading perk, is not popular but the effect is being slept on. It is especially good against Artist because this perk activates when a pallet is dropped, and experienced Survivors will try to safely pre-drop against Artist— now they have perfect aura-reading on your position and where you are directing Flight Paths so that they can juke away more easily. If Troubleshooter ever becomes meta, then Darkest Ink would be a much better pick. However, this add-on is very dependent on Survivor's perks and if they don't bring any aura-reading perks then you are getting nothing from your add-on. The 15s. of Blindness after they repel the Swarm isn't long enough to hinder Survivors basekit aura-reading (e.g. Hooked Survivor location, the aura of Survivors in Dying State). Unfortunately this add-on only works on Swarms and not Hip Fires.
O Grief, O Lover
This used to be better back when Dead Hard was omnipresent and stronger. I have mixed feelings about this effect specifically because the Exhaustion effect does not linger after the Swarm is repelled. That alone makes it so incredibly finicky to ensure the Survivor is Exhausted at the right time, right before they are going to activate their perk, and on the right Survivors who do have Exhaustion-relevant perks. Consider when you're likely to first Swarm a Survivor— when you're checking a Generator, right? Would you rather deal with a Sprint Burst as they're leaving the Generator, or right in the middle of your chase after you've invested time? Having to deal with Sprint Burst, Lithe, or Balanced Landing in the middle of your chase instead of at the beginning of chase is awful. There is a good chance a Survivor will burn their Exhaustion perk as they’re leaving the Generator but the distance won't matter if you're moving from the center of the map into their corner of the map. This add-on only works on Swarms so Hip Fires will not inflict Exhaustion to further make this add-on more conditional to use. If the Survivors don't have any Exhaustion perks, then this add-on does absolutely nothing. The only redeeming thing this could offer in the current meta is negating Made For This, which can be obnoxious when the Survivor strictly just holds-W. For being too meta-dependent, for being finicky to time its use, and for potentially backfiring against you, this add-on is overall mediocre at best.
Oil Paints
This add-on is held back by how small the number is. A 1.5m increase to the Killer Detection range is really not much and it doesn't transform how Artist can scout the map. The additional detection range won't reveal Survivors working on generators on different elevations on all maps). It is still possible for Survivors to avoid being detected by Killer Instinct if they run away from their generator when they hear you launch them from even a moderate distance (I know because I have had their auras revealed as they hop off). If the numbers were increased, this add-would be much better and I could see myself launching Dire Crows to scout for general information much more often.
Automatic Drawing
This add-on is okay at best. The effect is pretty niche and not terrible but not needed either. It can feel nice to have your power return faster after your crows disintegrate. However, the power cool-down after crows disintegrate is already pretty fast and I've not been caught in a situation where I wished I had this add-on. Before Ink Egg was changed, I liked pairing Automatic Drawing with it because it had a really nice synergy when going for Hip Fires. When Survivors successfully chained, I would be able to get my power back to reset a Hip Fire very quickly because of Ink Egg disintegrating Dire Crows much faster and Automatic Drawing returning power from cool-down faster. The combo meant that I never wanted to Launch Dire Crows to remove misplaced Dire Crows. Ink Egg has since been changed to cause Dire Crows to disintegrate not as quickly as before, so I don't really feel the impact of this add-on combo anymore. As explained earlier though, your power returns quickly enough that this add-on just isn't needed.
Choclo Corn
You generally don't want Dire Crows' Idle Timer to be longer. 10 seconds is long enough for Hip Fires and corralling Survivors, and you can summon another Dire Crow to extend its timer. Having a longer Idle Timer means you can't really wait for them to disintegrate to get your power back, and committing to Launching them every time not only makes your power cool-down longer (depends), but it also makes you lose distance mid-chase. An extra 2 seconds could be fine for some situations— trapping down a strong main building for instance. Even then, maybe the Survivor still gets away, maybe you didn't need the add-on anyway, or maybe you miss your shot if you don't have Matias' Baby Shoes. Still, being able to trap down a stronger structure could be helpful to some, that this add-on makes it better than the ones lower down the list.
Silver Bell
The intended design simply does not align with the actual outcome during a match. The intention is that you can stealth up to a Survivor and get a free Basic Attack on them. The reality is while they're repelling they run towards a safe position or maybe they already have line-of-sight on you. Most Survivors will know from which direction you’re coming from because they can see the direction of the Flight Path. A Swarmed Survivor is an alerted Survivor — they know you know their location and will react accordingly. The Oblivious effect also does not linger once repelled, so it is going to be difficult to take advantage of that within 8 seconds, or before they enter a locker. Iridescent Feather is just superior for the intended effect. Iridescent Feather can last longer, the Terror Radius is withheld from the whole team instead of just Swarmed Survivors, it is not affected by lockers, it can actually mindgame the team much better, it works for Swarm Shots and Hip Fires, and at the very least your Red Stain is hidden. Some people like to pair Silver Bell with Garden of Rot, which I think is the wrong way to use that add-on, but let's say you still want to stealth up to a potentially Exposed Survivor; why wouldn't you just take Iridescent Feather? Because Silver Bell does not linger after the Swarm is repelled, it is incredibly situational, map dependent, and unreliable.
Vibrant Obituary
Originally extended Killer Instinct by an additional 1.5M but was buffed to extend it by 3 seconds. The problem is that you never really need the additional information as there are very few moments to capitalize on this information. If you miss a Dire Crow shot, you can anticipate Survivors simply running straight because that's how you counter Artist. Really, you'll only be able to capitalize on Killer Instinct if you miss a shot specifically in a Jungle Gym. But how often are Survivors going to stay at the Jungle Gym instead of chaining to the next tile? Maybe once in a blue moon this add-on will genuinely give you value, but it is effectively going to be useless in most matches. Should you want to use Vibrant Obituary, you can pair it with Iridescent Feather so that you get periodic info on the Survivor positioning, and your Red Stain is hidden after Shotgunning into a Jungle Gym (insurance if you miss).
Still Life Crow
Extending the Idle Timer by an additional 4 seconds is way too long. Unlike Choclo Corn, you will need to always Launch misplaced Dire Crows which is detrimental mid-chase for losing distance. The additional 2 seconds from Choclo Corn is sufficient enough if you want to trap down main buildings. You will either need to limit yourself to 1 Hip Fire being summoned or only go for Swarm Shots, but it will hinder your power more than help the majority of time.
Charcoal Stick
Finally we have the worst add-on that completely fails in its intended design while actively working against you. The intention is that Survivors won't know the direction the Snipes are coming from, thus they won't dodge in time unless they see the Dire Crow's aura as it is being summoned. That's right, this add-on makes it so that Survivors can visibly see where the Dire Crow was summoned and where it is pointed. The aura disappears after a brief moment, but that doesn't matter. Survivors at a glance will know whether or not the Dire Crow is pointed at their Generator and hop off when they hear them being Launched. That also means that in chase if you are going for Shotgun Shots and the Survivor is behind something to break line-of-sight, they will have perfect info on where you lined up your shotgun. They can more reliably unzone themselves or dodge your shot completely, effectively limiting you to only Hip Fires. Even if you attempt to bluff the shot so that they double-back into you, they are more likely to path wide to still create distance from you while avoiding the firing squad.
## Ideal Add-ons For Specific Shots
While you could equip a couple add-ons and see some results with them through general play, it is worth bearing in mind that some add-ons are best for specific shots. Here is a quick glance to see which modes particularly benefit from specific add-ons.
Hip Fire
Matias’s Baby Shoes Severed Tongue           Ink Egg              Festering Carrion   Automatic Drawing
Swarm Shot/Single Snipe
Severed Hands          Untitled Agony              Thick Tar
Shotgun Shot
Severed Hands             Ink Egg              Festering Carrion        Velvet Fabric
Reverse Double Tap
Garden of Rot                   Ink Egg                 Untitled Agony            Velvet Fabric
# Recommended Builds
Your perk build will ideally take advantage of Artist’s unique capabilities and cover the weaknesses of her power.
As with all Killers, generator regression or generator slowdown perks are consistent and strong to equip. Artist scales very well with aura-reading or information perks because her power can be used to play into the big picture (macro-gameplay), and you can occasionally get injuries from afar.
Artist has very poor mobility which means perks that help you find nearby Survivors after hooking someone, perks that affect the team, and the strongest regression perks are best for giving you time to cover distance.
## Limited Beginner’s Build
This build has the intent to condition you into learning Survivor movement and thinking in the future to effectively use Artist’s power.
Zanshin Tactics
Using her power, Birds of Torment, during chase requires preemptive actions and an understanding of orchestrating the best loop possible out of a summoned Dire Crow. This perk highlights all the windows and pallets that the Survivor may take to escape which frees up cognitive load, and it enables you to have a perfect picture of the environment which is very helpful on maps that have randomly-generated resources. Beginners can use this perk to help them line up shots at resources accurately, and it trains them to time charging their power in anticipation of a Survivor approaching resources. Artist is one of the very few Killers that can use Zanshin Tactics as an effective chase perk.
Grim Embrace
When learning a Killer, you want to be in the mindset of playing to learn, rather than playing to win. That being said, I don’t recommend forgoing slowdown/regression altogether; you don’t want to be put in matches that end so quickly that you don’t have time to learn. Grim Embrace will slow down the whole team repeatedly, and you are rewarded for spreading your hooks and chasing a variety of players to further improve your database of Survivor behavior. I recommend Grim Embrace over Pain Resonance because you should also learn where to hook Survivors optimally instead of focusing too much on Scourge Hooks.
Bitter Murmur
Swarming Survivors who are stationary on generators isn’t going to add to your practice. Instead, equip Bitter Murmur. If you’re not busy and you see Survivors’ auras because they activated this perk, you’ll get the opportunity to lead and time launching Dire Crows as you watch Survivors run away. This information will help practice you into getting a feel of how much distance a Survivor can cover from different distances from your location.
A Nurse’s Calling / Spies from the Shadow / Agitation / Iron Grasp / Lightborn
Flexible perk slot; take what you need to round out the build. A Nurse’s Calling is fun for interrupting heals from a distance. Spies from the Shadow is an underrated information perk to help find Survivors. Agitation or Iron Grasp can be equipped to reach good hooks for territorial plays but note that Agitation is strictly better. If you get flustered by aggressive flashlight plays, consider Lightborn to help you remain calm and focused.
Festering Carrion + Thick Tar
These are reliable add-ons that afford you slightly more time for you to shoot Swarmed Survivors. It also allows you slightly more time to push Survivors into the direction of summoned Dire Crows.
## Full Access Beginner’s Build
Zanshin Tactics
Grim Embrace
I’m All Ears
This perk will help inform you of Survivor movement so that you can learn how to direct and summon Dire Crows at Jungle Gyms or certain tiles. It’s also particularly helpful against Survivors that try to chain tiles while they’re not in your line-of-sight.
Barbecue & Chili / Deadlock / Agitation
The last perk is a flexible spot; you’ll choose what you need. Barbecue & Chili provides information for finding chases immediately after hooking someone. It’s also a great perk for practicing long-distance snipes. Deadlock is passive generator slowdown which can help you afford more time to learn by making mistakes. Agitation lets you reach optimal hooks that are further away faster. Great for territorial plays.
## Meta Build
This is one of, if not, the strongest Artist build. Capitalizes on Artist’s strengths to a degree that the weaknesses do not matter as much. Not necessarily the most fun playstyle, but it is the ideal loadout if you want to win (optimal to play territorial/proxy camp).
Corrupt Intervention
The weakest point of any Killer is the very start of the match; all Survivors could be repairing individual generators efficiently, all resources are available, and you have no pressure on the team. This perk will force all Survivors to rotate which affords you time to begin chase and to start pressuring the team. It also makes the map effectively smaller so that you can pressure the team in a specific area better. Once you get your first hook going, as long as you’re playing well you can keep the team pressured from doing generators efficiently. You don’t need Corrupt Intervention to remain active for a long duration; you get its value by positioning yourself into a stronger start of the match.
Scourge Hook: Pain Resonance
Arguably the best generator regression in the game. Scourge Hook spawns are generally consistent enough that you can get consistent value despite hook spawn RNG. Remotely damaging the highest-progressed generator alleviates Artist’s poor mobility. Pain Resonance causes Survivors working on the affected generator to scream, which combos into the next perk in the build.
Dead Man’s Switch
Survivors that let go of generators while this perk is active will cause the affected generator to become blocked for the remainder of the perk’s activation timer. Survivors that scream because of Pain Resonance will immediately have their generator blocked because of Dead Man’s Switch - a very brutal perk combo. If they play around Pain Resonance’s scream, you can then use your Dire Crows to threaten them off of the generator. You’ll know which generators to contest with the last perk in the build.
Barbecue & Chili
This perk reveals the auras of Survivors at a distance from you, which is typically those repairing generators. You’ll know which generators you need to shoot crows at so they become blocked by Dead Man’s Switch. If you’re lucky, you may even see the aura of the Survivor who is running to rotate in for the hook rescue, which is the person you’ll typically want to chase next.
Severed Hands + Festering Carrion/Matias’ Baby Shoes
These are the strongest and most consistent add-ons. Contagious Swarms means Survivors can’t take hits for each other as easily, and it means Survivors repairing generators cooperatively can all be threatened by damaging birds. Festering Carrion lets you shoot a bit faster so that you can pressure people from afar better. Matias’ Baby Shoes is an alternative for ending chases more quickly and reliably at tiles that let Survivors break line-of-sight.
## Alternative Meta Build
This is a contender for being a meta build particularly because it can be used to play around coordinated teams that can play around the Pain Resonance + DMS combo. I will preface this build I took from the best Artist player with the highest win-streak, S4ninha.
Due to being the strongest regression perk, this is still ideal to bring even without Dead Man’s Switch to combo off it. Since a coordinated team can play around Dead Man’s Switch, we need an alternative perk combo which is the next perk mentioned.
Thrilling Tremors
This is a great flexible perk that can be utilized in quite a few ways. First, it informs you which generators are being repaired so you know where to go next. You may even want to carry your Survivor to a hook near one of these generators to defend both the hooked Survivor and the generator. Alternatively, you can use it to combo with Pain Resonance. What you need to do is first Swarm a Survivor on a contested Generator before you carry a Dying Survivor. The Survivor is pressured to stop repairing and to start repelling the Swarm. Then, you can pick up and carry the Survivor to activate Thrilling Tremors so that the generator is blocked. Now you have time to move to a Scourge Hook without worrying this generator from completing before you make it to a hook. Once you reach a Scourge Hook, wait until Thrilling Tremors deactivates before hooking the Survivor (count 8 Survivor grunts). That way the contested generator can be affected by Pain Resonance (it won’t if the generator is blocked). If you don’t have a Scourge Hook, you can still push Survivors off generators with a Swarm first, then carry a Survivor to activate Thrilling Tremors, and then carry them to that contested Generator. Thrilling Tremors gives you time to carry to that generator before Survivors can complete it for you to kick it.
Pop Goes the Weasel
This perk was nerfed but it can still service you well in this build. By using Thrilling Tremors to buy you time, you can carry your Survivor to a contested generator and hook them nearby. Kick the generator with Pop Goes the Weasel to do  a decent chunk of damage, and now you can defend the regressing generator and the hooked Survivor.
Eruption
This perk will combo well with Pop Goes the Weasel. If you manage to down a Survivor before the contested generator is completed, you will be able to deal -10% remotely. If you hear someone scream, now you know where to hook your Survivor even when Thrilling Tremors is on cooldown.
## Aggressive Rush Down Build
This is a fun, viable build that leans into pressuring the team by ending chases as quickly as possible and forgoing heavy generator regression/blocking. This build will service you if you primarily use Hip Fire shots instead of Swarms or Snipes.
Hex: Ruin
This is a fragile regression perk, but it’s strong especially for this playstyle. Getting hooks fast means you keep the team busy which means Ruin will eat away at multiple generators. We don’t want to waste time breaking pallets, kicking generators, or carrying people to Scourge Hooks. We want to find and end chases as fast as possible for Ruin to give us value.
Ultimate Weapon / THWACK!
After hooking a Survivor, ideally we want to find the Survivor that is either going to rotate for the hook rescue, or the Survivor who is hovering for the hook rescue. These two perks are underrated for finding this player after a hook. Be sure to launch all your Dire Crows at suspected Generators before you pick up a Dying Survivor so that you can have an idea if a Survivor is near you positioning themselves for a hook rescue. I prefer Ultimate Weapon because I have more control of when I can activate it, and it has the bonus of blinding Survivors who scream. Thwack is an alternative option because it can be used to find the Survivor hovering for the hook rescue, but you can also use it to scout people who may be hiding. Artist almost never needs to break any pallets during a match, so you have the luxury of saving pallets to break later to activate Thwack.
Rapid Brutality
The first weird perk to explain. Understand that experienced Survivors will often path to avoid Swarms/Snipes at all costs, even if it means running into corners of the map or in dead zones because they want to prolong the chase as long as possible.They will almost always take Basic Attack injuries because Dire Crow injuries are very advantageous to Artist. Here we punish that by loading power into your Basic Attacks. The Haste you gain after activating this perk means Survivors that zoned themselves away from resources will have a harder time reaching something before you get too close. Remember, Hip Fires extend 8 meters, which means you can shut down a loop by the threat of a Dire Crow injury from 8 meters away. With the Haste from Rapid Brutality, you can now get into that 8-meter threat faster.
Save the Best for Last / Tinkerer
I normally wouldn’t recommend STBFL for Killers that use their M2 powers for injuries. Artist, however, cannot force Dire Crow injuries. Experienced Survivors will typically take Basic Attack injuries, and with this perk we want to add more lethality to our Basic Attacks. We don’t need to ramp up to 8 Tokens to feel its effects. Since we’re setting up Hip Fires from 8 meters away, and we’re getting Haste from Rapid Brutality, we don’t need as many STBFL tokens to notice a meaningful difference. The goal is to get to at least 5 Tokens so that we save 0.54 seconds from the Basic Attack cool-down animation. You can instead equip Tinker if you want to combo off of Hex: Ruin for some information and critical regression. However, I really recommend Save the Best for Last for this build. Here’s a breakdown of extra distance gained with these modifiers to our Basic Attack:
Elapsed Time Post Basic Attack Connecting | 2 Seconds | 4 Seconds | 6 Seconds | 8 Seconds | 10 Seconds
Basic Attack (No Modifiers) | 0 Meters | 5.98 Meters | 15.18 Meters | 24.38 Meters | 33.58 Meters
Basic Attack (Rapid Brutality) | 0 Meters | 6.28 Meters (+0.3m) | 15.94 Meters (+0.76m) | 25.6 Meters (+1.22m) | 35.26 Meters (+1.68m)
Basic Attack (Rapid Brutality +5 STBFL Tokens) | 0 Meters | 8.89 Meters (+2.91m) | 18.54 Meters (+3.36m) | 28.2 Meters (+3.82m) | 37.87 Meters (+4.29m)
As you can see in the chart, when you have both Rapid Brutality and STBFL at 5 Tokens, you will consistently gain an additional 3-4 meters of distance compared to having neither of these perks. ~3-4 seconds of additional distance equates to covering the same amount of distance 1 second faster . That’s significant because now you can set up an 8-meter Hip Fire 1 second sooner than normal.
So when a Survivor paths inefficiently to get away from your Dire Crow and you punish them with this buffed Basic Attack, they will often be caught by surprise at how they can’t safely reach another resource. I was very surprised by this build being as good as it was.
Severed Tongue + Matias’ Baby Shoes
These add-ons are best for Hip Fires. Severed Tongue is amazing for potentially turning a Hip Fire into a double-tap down. Matias’ Baby Shoes gives aura-reading which is very useful on tiles where Survivors can break line-of-sight. You have perfect information to connect a Hip Fire.
## Survivor Debuff Hate
This build is intended to remove potential chase perks Survivors can use and that means you’ll have better chases. I hated O Grief, O Lover, but with the addition of Languid Touch, I found it surprisingly effective. This build gets  better as certain perks become more popular (Windows of Opportunity, Survivor Exhaustion perks, Iron Will, etc.).
Since we have room for one regression perk, might as well take the strongest. Does particularly well because it activates on a remote generator and that’s great for a Killer who lacks mobility.
Languid Touch
This is a great perk because it can activate during chase. Deactivating perks, such as Sprint Burst and Lithe, is significant on a Killer who has to trap down an area and pressure the Survivors from chaining tiles. You don’t want to let them have their free get-out-of-jail card. This perk will combo with the rest of the build so that you have a meaningful chance of not having to deal with Exhaustion perks.
Mindbreaker
Often chases will begin upon Swarming a Survivor on a generator, which means they’ll be Exhausted from Mindbreaker. They may try to walk it off and lose distance trying to do so, which is why we combo it with O Grief, O Lover so that they can’t walk it off while they remain Swarmed. If the Swarm is removed upon injury, or from successful repel, they’ll likely be running away and there’s a high likelihood they’ll alert an environmental crow and become Exhausted again, which you can maintain by Swarming them again. This repeated debuffing has worked for me several times. I have had matches where I never noticed a specific Survivor’s Exhaustion perk.
Spies from the Shadow / Dead Man’s Switch
I prefer having Spies from the Shadow to round out my build with some information. It combos very well with Languid Touch because if they alert an environmental crow, I know they’re Exhausted. It’s also just a nice information perk to have. Dead Man’s Switch is an alternative for additional generator slowdown. It combos with Mindbreaker too (Survivors can’t see when the carried person is about to be hooked and then play around Pain Resonance).
O Grief, O Lover + Darkest Ink
Since this is a debuff-inflicting build, I recommend using these add-ons. As previously explained, O Grief, O Lover is made viable with all these support perks but Languid Touch is really what enhances it. Darkest Ink inflicts Blindness and it lingers for a short duration after a Swarm is repelled. If you Swarm a Survivor on a Generator afflicted by Blindness from Mindbreaker, there’s a better chance they’ll path inefficiently to resources because Windows of Opportunity is deactivated (and it is the most popular Survivor perk in the game).
## Stealth Misinformation Build
This build lets you sneak up to Survivors which is really, really nice against players that like to run away early from you, and it can make it harder for teams to predict where you’ll go next. It’s a satisfying build that surprised me by how effective it is.
Alien Instinct
This is a decent perk for finding a chase after hooking someone. However, it has a downside in that it notifies the affected player that you know of their location. You’ll occasionally catch a Survivor off-guard because they’re afflicted by Oblivious, and since they’re already injured it’ll be an easy down.
Friends ‘Til the End
This is a fantastic information perk for finding someone after hooking someone. The affected Survivor will scream which warns them that you know of their location. However, the sinister thing is now the team won’t know if you’ll go after the Survivor that just screamed, or the Survivor affected by Alien Instinct. You’ll have that choice to make. This perk also offers some lethality in the form of making the new Obsession Exposed for a few seconds, which also makes them a potentially fast down similar to Alien Instinct.
Hex: Plaything
This will be your primary slow-down instead of having raw generator regression. Survivors will need to waste time cleansing hexes to remove their Oblivious status effects. Should they decide not to, and if there are multiple injured Survivors, it will be harder for them to know who is affected by Alien Instinct because everyone will be affected by Oblivious. Remember, they also may not know if you’ll commit to the Survivor affected by Friends ‘Til the End. So now you have really good information perks and the Survivors have no idea who you’ll commit to.
Furtive Chase / Gearhead
Which perk you’ll round out your build will depend on what you prefer. Furtive Chase combos with Friends ‘Til the End so that you can continue creating new Obsessions after hooking the old Obsession. It also grants you Haste and the Undetectable status effects which is really nice for both map traversal and for sneaking up on the third Survivor you may believe is in a specific location. Gearhead can be preferable if Distortion continues to be popular among Survivors. It will deplete them of their Distortion tokens fast so you can get value from Alien Instinct. Gearhead also combos with Plaything, because without being under the effects of your Terror Radius, Distortion players can’t get back tokens until they cleanse their hex.
Severed Hands + Thorny Nest
These add-ons are ideal for keeping the team injured longer, which will make Alien Instinct better, and adds more lethality to you being Undetectable/Survivors being Oblivious. You can Swarm Survivors who try to heal reset under the hook after a hook rescue occurs. Severed Hands keeps them from completing their reset and you can threaten them with more injuries/downs. Thorny Nest is great for making heals take longer, which will play into the rest of the build really well.