# 10.1.1 Bugfix Patch - BHVR
Source: https://forums.bhvr.com/dead-by-daylight/kb/articles/557 (consulté le 27/09/2026)

Content
Killer Updates
The Judgment
Increased the Divine Light curve window while Zealous to 0.6s
(was 0.3s)
Dev note: The decoupling of the curve window from the delay phase was good, but the duration of the window was much too short. As a result, we are doubling it to give players a longer window to curve Divine Light while Zealous. We will continue to monitor this value.
The Knight
Dropping a Pallet while being Hunted by a Guard now causes the Guard to path around the Pallet
If the resulting Guard Path is greater than
48m
the Guard will abandon the Hunt
Dropping a Pallet on a Guard now causes the Guard to move through the Pallet
Perk Updates
Survivor perks
Repressed Alliance:
After repairing Generators for
40/35/30s
, while repairing a Generator alone, use
the Active Ability button to block that generator for
15s
.
(was 55/50/45 seconds)
Vigil
All Survivors within
16m
of you:
Lose Exhausted
20/25/30%
faster.
(was 30/35/40%)
After they leave your range, this ends after
15s
.
Dev note: We have heard concerns that the lower value may be too low. We will be monitoring this change carefully to see if further adjustments are required.
Bug Fixes
Audio
Fixed an issue where The Judgment voice line about Aurora plays in the store.
Fixed an issue where the sound effect that indicates the Divine Light will hit and injures Survivor continues to play when The Judgment cancels the Power.
Fixed an issue where some audio SFX throughout the application are muffled or missing when leaving any Tutorials.
Fixed an issue where the SFX and Haptic Feedback from the Torment Trail are missing after falling during the action.
Fixed an issue where missing SFX when the Pig knife extend after standing up.
Fixed an issue where there is an inaccurate SFX audible range when The Xenomorph misses the Tail Attack or when the tail is obstructed by environment.
Fixed an issue when using the MiNa Legendary outfit as Trickster, some Default Trickster voice lines could play after exiting "Main Event"
Characters
Fixed an issue where The Judgment's cooldown after cancelling or timing out Divine Light was shorter than intended
Fixed an issue where The Krasue's body, while in Head Form, remains floating briefly during the falling animation when using a Vault that leads to a fall.
Fixed an issue where Aurora's book floats when holding an item during the idle animation.
Fixed an issue where The Xenomorph's inner mouth does not open during the Mori when using most cosmetics.
Fixed an issue where the hair braid for Survivor Thalita Lyra's lacks physics when performing any action in a match.
Fixed an issue where swapping the head cosmetic on the 'Splinter Rose' full body outfit on The Knight causes the killer's back to stretch forward unnaturally during the lobby animation.
Fixed an issue where the auras of The Lich's flying entities appear even if the opaque original mesh is not obstructed by other geometry
Fixed an issue where The Onryo could be seen more than 24 meters away while demanifested.
Fixed an issue where yellow blood VFX was displayed when Liberating a Survivor from the Exile when playing against The Judgment.
Fixed an issue where The Judgment's Crown of The Destroyer add-on failed to trigger the Terror Radius condition for multiple perks.
Fixed an issue where Pallet debris VFX could appear sooner than expected when The Slasher was breaking Pallets.
Fixed an issue where The Krasue's Head Form remained floating briefly in the falling animation when using a Vault that led to a fall.
Fixed an issue where The Judgment could become unable to use its power after sending a Survivor to the Exile and charging the power right after.
Fixed an issue where The Skull Merchant could not Deploy a Drone when standing on a floor above/below a Hooked Survivor.
Fixed an issue where Legion's Arms are stretched in the Gameplay Showcase.
Environment/Maps
Fixed an issue in Autohave Wreckers Realm where the Nurse could blink inside the Hill
Fixed an issue in Yamaoka Estate Realm where projectiles would be blocked around the Shrine Landmark tile
Fixed an issue in Shelter Woods where a tree would clip through the interior of the Apartment container
Fixed an issue in Midwich Elementary School where the Blight could not bounce of a couch when using his power
Fixed an issue in Pale Rose where the camera of the Survivor would clip through the roof of the boat
Fixed an issue in Dead Dawg Saloon where the Nurse could blink on top of the railing of the Gallow and navigate on top of invisible collisions
Fixed an issue in Midwich Elementary School where the Nurse could not blink through the caged restroom stalls
Fixed an issue in Blood Lodge where the debris of a broken pallet did not appear on the ground
Fixed an issue in Midwich Elementary School where the Killers could not grab a survivor that was on the ground
Fixed an issue in Temple of Purgation where the Killer would be able to hit a survivor through a wall
Fixed an issue in Badham Preschool where the Mastermind could not dash on a driveway curb
Fixed an issue in Coldwind Farm where the Nurse is able to blink inside a hay stack
Fixed an issue in Dead Dawg Saloon where a crawling survivor gets stuck at the top of the stairs
Fixed an issue in Badham Preschool where a bush is blocking the navigation of players
Fixed an issue where on The Thompson House, a Shrine could appear 20 meters away from the closest Generator when starting a Custom Trial with less than 4 Survivors.
Fixed an issue where, on Nostromo Wreckage, the Keycard's Aura remained visible after hacking the terminal.
Perks
TEXT ONLY: Fixed the description of No One Left Behind to say: "You heal
other Survivors
... faster" and not: "You heal faster".
TEXT ONLY: Fixed the description of Deathbound to specify which effects affect which Survivor, and that it only applies to a single Survivor at a time.
Fixed an issue to ensure Mettle of Man procured, only after the third protection hit.
Fixed an issue where Still Sight could not be activated after a Survivor was rescued from the Exile.
UX
Fixed several incorrect statements in the Gameplay Showcase
Play button sound fix
UI
Fixed some visual problems with the new matchmaking button not appearing everywhere it should. (and appearing where it shouldn't)
Fixed an issue where, as The Judgment, the charging bar remained displayed when Divine Light was cancelled before the end of the charge.
Fixed an issue where The Judgment's Zealous Icon appeared disabled when Divine Light was on Cooldown.
Fixed an issue where The Judgment's mini-Mori indicator appeared when a Heretic Survivor in their second hook stage was hooked.
Fixed an issue where The Judgment's Divine Light aiming reticule stayed visible after the control period expired while Zealous.
Misc
Fixed an issue where blessing a Hex totem did not trigger a score event.
