# 10.0.3 | Bugfix Patch - BHVR
Source: https://forums.bhvr.com/dead-by-daylight/kb/articles/553 (consulté le 27/09/2026)

This article was created from a
community discussion
.
Content
Killer Updates
The Slasher
Jump Scare anti-camp penalty no longer applies across multiple floors
Perk Updates
New Survivor Perks
Cross-Examination
While in the Killer's Terror Radius and not being chased by the Killer, they leave Light Marks that last for
10s
that you can see. While on the Killer's Light Marks, you gain
Elusive
. This ends after
3/4/5s
.
Killer Add-on Updates
The Slasher's add-ons
Sauna Rock:
After a Jump Scare, inflict all Survivors within Killer Instinct's detection range with Exhausted for
3
seconds
.
(was 13 seconds)
Two Nails:
Spikes that come within 1 meter of a Survivor reveal their Aura for
5 seconds
.
(was 6 seconds)
Mirror Shards:
Impaled Survivors become Broken for
40 seconds
after extracting the Spike.
(was 30 seconds)
Toxic Waste:
After a Jump Scare, Survivors within
10 meters
of a hook or Scrap Pile gain Oblivious for 13 seconds.
(was 8 meters)
Sleeping Bag:
After grabbing a Hook Spike while in Omnipresent Evil mode, see the locations of Survivors within
10 meters
of hooks.
(was 8 meters)
Party Noisemaker:
Breaking a Pallet or Breakable Wall with Jump Scare reveals the Auras of Survivors further than
28 meters
for 6 seconds.
(was 32 meters)
Summer Screams Event
The Summer Screams event will be live from July 28th 11:00EDT - August 18th 11:00EDT. Featuring Chaos Shuffle, Lights Out and 2v8, each event will be active for 1 week at a time starting with Chaos Shuffle. Check out the available quests in order to receive rewards!
Week 1: Chaos Shuffle (July 28 - August 4)
Week 2: Lights Out (August 4 - August 11)
Week 3: 2v8 (August 11 - August 18)
Game Mode Updates
Lights Out
Survivors holding the Lantern will now see the Auras of Pallets, Vaults, and Breakable Walls within 32m
Gate interaction points will now remain lit once all objectives have been completed
Deep wounds and Anti-camp bars are now visible again
Added support for the Fog Vial
Fixed an issue where the lighting is inconsistent and can appear overly dark or bright on Xbox Series X
Chaos Shuffle
All Perks and Add-ons now available to be assigned
Bug Fixes
2v8
Fixed an issue where The Nemesis zombies could become stuck on Sanctum of Wrath.
Fixed an issue where Killer chests did not have their Aura revealed when facing The Nemesis and The Mastermind together.
Fixed an issue where Survivors could see the Aura of the Cage of Corruption while in a locker.
Fixed an issue where trapped Survivors were missing the trapped animation after stepping in The Trapper's Bear Trap while also being contaminated by The Nemesis.
Fixed an issue where a Survivor caught in a Bear Trap could be sent into a Cage of Corruption twice against The Trapper and The Mastermind.
Fixed an issue where it was unable to Drop the Spray/Antidote after being used by a different Survivor.
Fixed an issue where certain map specific achievements were not being awarded in correctly.
Audio
Fixed an issue where Walking Dead characters were not playing the right VO line during their interactions.
Fixed an issue where Ice Nine Kills music wasn't playing when equipped with collection items.
Fixed an issue where The Slasher 'Jump Scare' cause the Survivors in Lockers to Scream.
Fixed an issue where Survivors ''Fully Healed'' Voice line triggers when partially healed.
Fixed an issue where the bananas emit a metallic sound when hit by a projectile on Trickster Delusion map.
Fixed an issue where the hook voice over played too late when transitioning from phase 1 to phase 2.
Fixed an issue where Survivors exit gate dialog triggered at the same time the door opens, which was making it hard to hear.
Fixed an issue where the incorrect voice lines played for Killers & Survivors regardless of their language setting.
Fixed an issue where the lullaby for the Facemelter Eddie legendary cosmetic was lower than intended.
Characters
Reverted a fix that prevented The Skull Merchant from deploying Drones when above/below a Hooked Survivor.
Dev Note:
The issue that the fix attempted to solve will be back, which made Drones disappear after being deployed, regardless of being out of the vertical range for Drone anti-camp. This is unintended and is under investigation.
Fixed an issue where as The Animatronic, the Blighted Springtrap's Mouth Animation was unable to be seen at the end of the Killer's Mori.
Fixed an issue where as The Dark Lord using the wolf form, the Killer could perform an extra attack right before the Pounce cooldown.
Fixed an issue where Survivors downed by The Mastermind's vault attack while working on a Generator kept repairing while downed.
Environment/Maps
Fixed an issue in Eyrie of Crows where the traps could not be placed properly on the second floor of the main building.
Fixed an issue in Torment Creek where traps could be placed under the ground near the window.
Fixed an issue in Toba Landing where The Nurse can blink through the ground.
Fixed an issue in Treatment Theater where The Executioner's Punishment Of The Damned attack is blocked in the middle of the main room.
Fixed an issue in Dead Dawg Saloon where The Nurse can blink on top of the small structures.
Perks
Fixed an issue where Hex Statuses were hidden from Survivors when a Hex was reactivated by the Perk 'Undying'.
Fixed an issue where the perk Visionary would not reveal generator auras when exiting a Locker, after the cooldown was completed.
Fixed an issue where the Perk 'Plot Twist' could be reused when picked up or dropped by a Killer.
Fixed an issue where the aura of the Perk Hex: No One Escapes Death was missing for the Survivor POV.
Fixed an issue where the Perk Deathbound caused Survivors that previously healed another Survivor to scream again.
Fixed an issue where the Perk Deerstalker was unable to reveal a Survivor for an additional 2 sec when equipped with the Perk Eyes of Belmont.
Fixed an issue where The perk Shadowborn failed to activate when Rampage had tokens.
UI
Fixed an issue where The Slasher's Dirty Money Add-On remained dimmed when active.
Fixed an issue where Into the Fog Tooltips for Perk Related Quests did not show the associated Perk.
Fixed an issue where The Oni's Blood Fury's prompt was missing an indication that it must be held to activate.
Fixed an issue where Survivor Skills always appeared Unlocked in the Match Details screen.
Fixed an issue where alternating from Chaos Shuffle to Normal Trial erased saved loadouts.
Fixed an issue where there was no HUD or UI feedback indicating The Oni's Blood Fury prompt had to be held to activate.
Misc
Fixed an issue where Survivors were unable to wiggle when being grabbed while having a Skill Check.
Fixed an issue causing the Entity to make an illegal purchase move in the Bloodweb.
Fixed an issue where leaving the Survivor queue in Play While You Wait would reset the Killer priority queue.
Known Issues
Stake Out tokens are sometimes consumed by Snap Out of It skillchecks when facing The Doctor.
Dev Note: This is unintended and will be fixed in a future release.
