# 9.6.0 | PTB Patch Notes - BHVR
Source: https://forums.bhvr.com/dead-by-daylight/kb/articles/542 (consulté le 28/09/2026)

Important
As a result of engine updates, the download file size for this update will be larger than normal.
Features
Diminishing Returns Update
While in a Trial, repeated positive or negative gameplay modifiers and status effects are now affected by diminishing returns.
Identical modifiers granted by Powers, Items, Perks and Offerings will now be reduced progressively as they become stacked.
Modifiers granted from Killer Power and Survivor Item add-ons are
excluded
from diminishing returns.
The gameplay modifier with the highest absolute value is always applied, while lesser ones are progressively lowered to a percentage of their original value.
The game prioritizes the highest values, reducing the impact of lesser ones.
1st value (highest) - 100% of modifier
2nd value - 50% of modifier
3rd value - 25% of modifier
4th value - 12.5% of modifier
5th value and up - 5% of modifier
Dev note: After 10 years of Dead by Daylight, the ability of Killers and Survivors to stack modifiers indefinitely as enabled ever-accelerating and more intense gameplay. With this update, we aim to normalize how modifiers from different sources interact against each other in order to better preserve the integrity of game. All major gameplay modifiers and status effects for both roles are included in this update.
Additionally, this change will help us as developers create new interesting Powers, Items and Perks with our roster of existing game modifiers, with far less risk of creating unintended game-breaking scenarios.
We will be closely monitoring this change during the PTB and look forward to the feedback!
Progress Bar Update
The progress bar for interactions has a new animation to reinforce the speed differences.
The color has been updated so it represents the speed of the interaction, becoming yellow if faster than normal, and red if slower than normal.
Previously, the color was dependent on the individual contributor. Ie. a player could see the bar red even when going faster.
Visible Team Perks
The Match Details have been updated to show the loadout of players of a same team:
Perks
Items and addons
Offerings
Elements can be hovered to display their descriptions.
The loadout of the opposite team is not displayed until the match is over, following the final Score screen behavior.
Spectator Mode
While in Spectator mode, most elements in the HUD can be hovered to display their description:
Perks
Items
Add-ons
Goals
Status Effects
Auras Customization
New aura types are available for color customization:
Highlighted elements (e.g. as The Xenomorph, looking at specific Control Stations).
Surfaced elements (e.g. Generators shown by
Deja Vu
, or because of
Eruption
).
Marked elements (e.g. as The Xenomorph, marking a Control Station).
Killer objects (e.g. The Hag's traps, The Singularity's Biopods).
Breakable walls.
Content
Killer Updates
The Blight
Decreased The Blight's default movement speed to
4.4 m/s
(was 4.6 m/s)
.
Breaking a Downed Pallet now reduces Rush tokens down to 2 below maximum, and resets current Rush token recharge to 0%.
Includes basic-break and special-break Killer actions.
Power description updated to reflect change.
The Doctor
Decreased delay of Shock Therapy attack to
0.75 seconds
(was 0.8 seconds)
.
The Cannibal
Increased maximum Chainsaw Sweep speed to
5.45 m/s
(was 5.35 m/s)
.
The Ghost Face
Decreased the cooldown of Night Shroud to
15 seconds
(was 17 seconds)
.
The Demogorgon
Increased Shred's movement speed to
19 m/s
(was 18.4 m/s)
.
Increased Shred's turn rate to
55 degrees
per second
(was 27.5 degrees per second)
.
Increased duration of Undetectable after traversing the Upside Down to
12 seconds
(was 5 seconds)
.
The Dredge
Increased movement speed while charging Reign of Darkness to
4 m/s
(was 3.8m/s)
.
The Mastermind
Decreased recovery time of Virulent Bound to
2.7 seconds
(was 3 seconds)
.
Decreased charge time per token to
5 seconds
(was 5.5 seconds)
.
Increased duration of the Chain Bound window to
2.5 seconds
(was 2 seconds)
.
The Skull Merchant
Added support to multiple Power icons.
New Power Icons mapped to Deploy Drone, Rotate and Recall actions.
The Unknown
Decreased cooldown of UVX to
6.25 seconds
(was 7 seconds)
.
Decreased Weakened Survivor vision linger duration to
0.75 seconds
(was 1.25 seconds)
.
The Animatronic
Decreased time to recall the Fire Axe when embedded in the environment to
6 seconds
(was 7 seconds)
.
Decreased time to recall the Fire Axe when embedded in Survivors to
8 seconds
(was 10 seconds)
.
Decreased battery consumption per Camera in use to
6%
(was 7%)
.
Decreased battery consumption upon Survivor teleport to
12%
(was 15%)
.
Key binding for Grab Axe button updated to use Power input
(was Attack input)
.
Killer Add-on Updates
The Nurse's Add-ons
Heavy Panting (Rare)
Extends the duration of a lunge after more than one blink by
10%
(was 30%)
.
The Ghost Face's Add-ons
Walleye's Matchbook (Common)
Decreases Night Shroud recovery time by
2 seconds
(was 3 seconds)
.
The Mastermind's Add-ons
Loose Crank (Uncommon)
Increases movement speed between the first and second Virulent Bounds by
15%
(was 8%)
.
Egg (Gold) (Rare)
Increases the Chain bound window by
20%
(was 50%)
.
The Animatronic's Add-ons
Restaurant Menu (Common)
Decreases the minimum time to retrieve an axe embedded in the environment by
10%
(was 20%).
Access Panel (Very Rare)
While aiming the Fire Axe, reveals survivors within
6 meters
of Security Doors with Killer Instinct
(was 4 meters)
.
Survivor Perk Updates
Fast Track
Whenever another Survivor is hooked, you earn 1/2/3 Token(s), up to 9/9/9.
While repairing, whenever you hit a great basic Skill Check, spend all Tokens. For each Token spent, the Generator gains
1/1/1%
permanent progress
(was 2%).
Bug Fixes
Audio
Fixed an issue where missing voice lines for 9 Survivors and 2 Killers in the lobbies and in-trials.
Fixed an issue where missing voice line and placeholder subtitle can be seen when entering an offline lobby with The Dark Lord.
Fixed an issue where Dungeons & Dragons - 4 Survivors have the wrong music for the D&D cosmetics.
Bot Improvements
Fixed Survivor Bots walking against players that are interacting with an Exit Switch.
Fixed an issue where Survivor Bots would walk slowly while in chase.
Fixed an issue with Survivor Bots that would drop Pallets too hastily during a chase.
Adapted Bots' usage and vision of the Fog Vials according to their latest update.
Characters
Fixed an issue where The Hag’s Traps Aura caused some Visibility Issues.
Fixed an issue where The Singularity’s Slipstreaming to survivors dropping pallets caused a desync to occur.
Fixed an issue where The Mastermind’s Virulent Bound's acceleration vignette stayed active when grabbing and getting stunned at the same time.
Fixed an issue where The Knight’s Guard Summon Path flickered beyond the 10m visibility limit from the Survivor POV.
Environment/Maps
Fixed an issue where Singularity's Biopods would float when placed in an alley, by correcting an incorrect collision with a wall.
Fixed an issue in Midwich Elementary School where the killer can't interact with a locker.
Fixed an issue in Trickster Delusion where the camera at the beginning of a trial clips through The Houndmaster.
Fixed an issue in Treatment Theater where the projectiles can't go through a plant in the map.
Fixed an issue in Treatment Theater where a fountain of devotion can't be interacted with.
Fixed an issue in Toba Landing where Snug could not vault over on top of the main structure.
Fixed an issue in Garden Of Joy where the collisions around the piano were blocking projectiles.
Fixed an issue in Treatment Theater where a generator can't be interacted on one side.
Fixed an issue in Dead Dawg Saloon where a yellow tarp is clipping in the ground.
Fixed an issue in Trickster Delusion where claws that are sticking out of the wall prevent killers to navigate in the room where they appear.
Perks
Fixed an issue where the Perk Ultimate Weapon activated on Totem Snuff.
Misc
Fixed an issue on PC where the cursor is stuttering when connecting a controller.
Fixed menu not scrolling with a controller.
Fixed a crash that occurs when completing the onboarding Matches.
Fixed an issue where using the Self-Unhook feature right before the skill check popped up caused the UI and VFX to appear after Self-Unhooking.
Known Issues
Flying spectral entities appear in T-pose when casting Flight of the Damned.
