# 9.6.2 | Bugfix Patch - BHVR
Source: https://forums.bhvr.com/dead-by-daylight/kb/articles/546 (consulté le 27/09/2026)

Important
The Pig's Amanda's Letter add-on has been re-enabled.
Bug Fixes
2v8
Fixed an issue where the Play buttons were greyed out in the Overview tab after viewing the Quests.
Audio
Fixed an issue where The Krasue had missing SFX when Hooking Survivors in Body and Head Form.
Fixed an issue where The Nightmare activates the Dream Snare attack and the SFX audio is distorted for the Survivor nearby.
Fixed an issue where the Dredge's "Nightfall soon" SFX Volume is louder than usual inside a Locker.
Fixed an issue where Tomie's audio persist in other trials against The Spirit.
Fixed an issue where The Demogorgon's Red Moss add-on did not silence the gurgling SFX when exiting a portal.
Characters
Fixed an issue where some Feng Min outfits had clipping issues around the skirt during multiple animations.
Fixed an issue where The Xenomorph had a small object sticking from its head during the lobby.
Fixed an issue where the the Survivors' footsteps VFX are missing when above The Xenomorph Tunnel and also an Aura between the Control Station and Exit.
Fixed an issue where The Pig's add-ons Amanda's Letter, Jigsaw's Sketch, and Jigsaw's Annotated Plan did not affect the number of RBTs available.
Fixed an issue where The Executioner's Obsidian Goblet add-on prevented the perk Spirit Fury to work correctly when using ranged attacks.
Fixed an issue where The Blight did not lose Tokens when breaking a pallet with 3 or less Tokens.
Fixed an issue where The Nurse was missing her fatigue animation from Survivor POV.
Environment/Maps
Fixed an issue in Freddy Fazbear's Pizza where the camera clips inside assets.
Fixed an issue in Midwich Elementary School where the hooks are not accessible.
Fixed an issue with the large stack of cages in The Forgotten Ruins by replacing collision primitives to fix a gap between cages that was blocking projectiles from being thrown through.
Fixed an issue in the astrology room in The Forgotten Ruins by fixing collisions and repairing a corrupted 3D file to fix a vault point that had extended collision, blocking projectiles from being thrown through at an angle.
Perks
Fixed an issue where Phantom Fear could trigger on a Survivor despite the Killer not being in view.
Fixed an issue where Nowhere to Hide was unable to reveal Survivors in the dying state.
Fixed an issue where Leader remained active after the Survivor is Sacrificed.
Fixed an issue where the totem aura was missing from Survivor POV when Hex: No One Escapes Death was active.
Platforms
Fixed an issue on PC where DualSense PS controller would have incorrect icons.
Fixed an issue on PC where resizing the game could cause a crash.
Fixed an issue on Switch/Switch 2 where a Steam logo was visible in the Player Stats Access page.
Misc
Tentative fix to address flashing lights in a trial.
