# 9.6.0 | Patch Notes - BHVR
Source: https://forums.bhvr.com/dead-by-daylight/kb/articles/544 (consulté le 27/09/2026)

Important
As a result of engine updates, the download file size for this update will be larger than normal.
The Legion has been re-enabled.
Map weighting has been adjusted in order for maps to have an equal chance of spawning - Realm Repeat Prevention remains in effect.
Features
Diminishing Returns Update
While in a Trial, repeated positive or negative gameplay modifiers and status effects are now affected by diminishing returns.
Identical Killer and Survivor modifiers granted by Powers, Items, Perks and Offerings will now be reduced progressively as they become stacked.
The following apply diminishing returns
only within
their role:
Negative action speed modifiers
Positive skill check chance modifiers
The following are
excluded entirely
from diminishing returns:
Modifiers granted from Add-ons
The gameplay modifier with the highest absolute value is always applied, while lesser ones are progressively lowered to a percentage of their original value.
The game prioritizes the highest values, reducing the impact of lesser ones.
1st value (highest) - 100% of modifier
2nd value - 50% of modifier
3rd value - 25% of modifier
4th value - 12.5% of modifier
5th value and up - 5% of modifier
Game manual updated to include information on diminishing returns.
1v4 Play While You Wait Update
Added the option to "Play While You Wait" to the default 1v4 game mode.
While searching for a match as Killer, you will receive the option to Play While You Wait.
This allows you to play a match as a Survivor while saving your place in the Killer queue.
After finishing your Survivor match, you will automatically be returned to your place in the Killer queue.
Progress Bar Update
The progress bar for interactions has a new animation to reinforce the speed differences.
The color has been updated so it represents the speed of the interaction, becoming yellow if faster than normal, and red if slower than normal.
Previously, the color was dependent on the individual contributor. Ie. a player could see the bar red even when going faster.
Visible Team Perks
The Match Details have been updated to show the loadout of players of a same team:
Perks
Items and addons
Offerings
The Match Details have been updated to show the Killer to all Survivors when one of the following occurs:
Any Survivor enters a chase
Any Survivor loses a health state
Elements can be hovered to display their descriptions.
The loadout of the opposite team is not displayed until the match is over, following the final Score screen behavior.
Spectator Mode
While in Spectator mode, most elements in the HUD can be hovered to display their description:
Perks
Items
Add-ons
Goals
Status Effects
Auras Customization
New aura types are available for color customization:
Highlighted elements (e.g. as The Xenomorph, looking at specific Control Stations)
Surfaced elements (e.g. Generators shown by
Deja Vu
, or because of
Eruption
)
Marked elements (e.g. as The Xenomorph, marking a Control Station)
Killer objects (e.g. The Hag's traps, The Singularity's Biopods)
Breakable walls.
Content
Killer Updates
The Blight
Decreased The Blight's default movement speed to
4.4 m/s
(was 4.6 m/s)
.
Breaking a Downed Pallet now reduces Rush tokens down to 2 below maximum and resets current Rush token recharge to 0%.
Includes basic-break and special-break Killer actions.
Power description updated to reflect change.
The Doctor
Decreased delay of Shock Therapy attack to
0.75 seconds
(was 0.8 seconds)
.
The Cannibal
Increased maximum Chainsaw Sweep speed to
5.45 m/s
(was 5.35 m/s)
.
The Ghost Face
Decreased the cooldown of Night Shroud to
15 seconds
(was 17 seconds)
.
The Demogorgon
Increased Shred's movement speed to
19 m/s
(was 18.4 m/s)
.
Increased Shred's turn rate to
55 degrees
per second
(was 27.5 degrees per second)
.
Increased duration of Undetectable after traversing the Upside Down to
12 seconds
(was 5 seconds)
.
The Dredge
Increased movement speed while charging Reign of Darkness to
4 m/s
(was 3.8m/s)
.
The Mastermind
Decreased recovery time of Virulent Bound to
2.7 seconds
(was 3 seconds)
.
Decreased charge time per token to
5 seconds
(was 5.5 seconds)
.
Increased duration of the Chain Bound window to
2.5 seconds
(was 2 seconds)
.
The Skull Merchant
Added support to multiple Power icons.
New Power Icons mapped to Deploy Drone, Rotate and Recall actions.
The Unknown
Decreased cooldown of UVX to
6.25 seconds
(was 7 seconds)
.
Decreased Weakened Survivor vision linger duration to
0.75 seconds
(was 1.25 seconds)
.
The Animatronic
Decreased time to recall the Fire Axe when embedded in the environment to
6 seconds
(was 7 seconds)
.
Decreased time to recall the Fire Axe when embedded in Survivors to
8 seconds
(was 10 seconds)
.
Decreased battery consumption per Camera in use to
6%
(was 7%)
.
Decreased battery consumption upon Survivor teleport to
12%
(was 15%)
.
Key binding for Grab Axe button updated to use Power input
(was Attack input)
.
Killer Add-on Updates
The Nurse's Add-ons
Heavy Panting (Rare)
Extends the duration of a lunge after more than one blink by
10%
(was 30%)
.
The Ghost Face's Add-ons
Walleye's Matchbook (Common)
Decreases Night Shroud recovery time by
2 seconds
(was 3 seconds)
.
The Mastermind's Add-ons
Loose Crank (Uncommon)
Increases movement speed between the first and second Virulent Bounds by
15%
(was 8%)
.
Egg (Gold) (Rare)
Increases the Chain bound window by
20%
(was 50%)
.
The Animatronic's Add-ons
Restaurant Menu (Common)
Decreases the minimum time to retrieve an axe embedded in the environment by
10%
(was 20%).
Access Panel (Very Rare)
While aiming the Fire Axe, reveals survivors within
6 meters
of Security Doors with Killer Instinct
(was 4 meters)
.
Survivor Perk Updates
Fast Track
Whenever you unhook another Survivor, you earn
1
Token, up to
1/2/3
(was "Whenever another Survivor is hooked, you earn 1/2/3 tokens, up to 9").
While repairing, whenever you hit a great basic Skill Check, spend all Tokens. For each Token spent, the Generator gains
5%
permanent progress
(was 2% permanent progress).
2v8
The Deathslinger
Increased Walk Reload Speed penalty from
0.7
to
0.8
.
Decreased Fire Miss Duration from
1.5 seconds
to
1.2 seconds
.
The Oni
Increased loss of Demon Mode uptime from
7 seconds
to
10 seconds
when downing a Survivor.
Cage of Corruption
Cages will now feedback the Anti-Camp bar.
Once the Anti-Camp bar reaches maximum threshold the Survivor will be given the choice to relocate.
Upon relocation the Bleedout Timer now pauses for
30 seconds
.
Maps
Added Temple of Purgation.
Added Ironworks of Misery.
Bug Fixes
Audio
Fixed an issue where missing voice lines for 9 Survivors and 2 Killers in the lobbies and in-trials.
Fixed an issue where missing voice line and placeholder subtitle can be seen when entering an offline lobby with The Dark Lord.
Fixed an issue where 4 Survivors have the wrong music for the Dungeons & Dragons cosmetics.
Fixed an issue where sometimes, the audio of Rick Grimes is corrupted.
Fixed an issue where Kwon Tae-young was nonstop coughing during Vile Purge Phase.
Fixed an issue where The Wraith’s Wailing Bell is silent when the Purple Motley Torso Cosmetic is equipped.
Fixed an issue where SFX was missing when opening the options menu.
Fixed an issue where Survivors do not play the appropriate shoe-type footsteps on any terrain.
Fixed an issue where the asphalt parking lots in the Greenville Square map will play grass footsteps SFX.
Fixed an issue where globally, Male Zombies are missing their grunts.
Fixed an issue where the music of Killers are replaced by the one from the Main Menu when switching role in Custom Games.
Fixed an issue where the music SFX is muffled after the generator is repaired on Trickster’s Delusion.
Fixed an issue where both the audio and animation of The Dark Lord's 2nd and 3rd Wolf form pounce are missing.
Fixed an issue where Survivors are missing a set of screams when hooked or sent to a cage.
Fixed an issue where there is no audio SFX when earning Blood Points in the Tallyscreen.
Bot Improvements
Fixed Survivor Bots walking against players that are interacting with an Exit Switch.
Fixed an issue where Survivor Bots would walk slowly while in chase.
Fixed an issue with Survivor Bots that would drop Pallets too hastily during a chase.
Adapted Bots' usage and vision of the Fog Vials according to their latest update.
Fixed an issue where a Survivor Bot could reveal The Ghost Face through walls.
Fixed an issue with Scout Survivor Bots being unable to repair pallets.
Characters
Fixed an issue where The Hag’s traps aura caused some visibility issues.
Fixed an issue where The Singularity’s slipstreaming to Survivors dropping pallets caused a desync to occur.
Fixed an issue where The Mastermind’s Virulent Bound's acceleration vignette stayed active when grabbing and getting stunned at the same time.
Fixed an issue where The Mastermind slid off windows instead of hitting vaulting Survivors.
Fixed an issue where The Knight’s Guard Summon Path flickered beyond the 10m visibility limit from the Survivor POV.
Fixed an issue where summoning a Guard as The Knight at a higher FOV caused the camera to snap back.
Fixed an issue where The Legion could repeatedly attack at the start of the Feral Frenzy cooldown.
Fixed an issue where The Nurse's hand animation played faster during a Blink.
Fixed an issue where The Huntress was not able to get the "Charged Shot" score event when fully charging a hatchet.
Fixed an issue where The Trickster's Add-on "Killing Part Chords" was still only reducing the Style Rank decay by 20%.
Fixed an issue where The Trickster could retrigger the S rank by using Main Event just before the expiration.
Fixed an issue where The Trickster's Style Rank regressed when grabbing a Survivor from a locker.
Fixed an issue where The Xenomorph could gain blind immunity after canceling the Tunnel Entry animation.
Fixed an issue where Ash Williams' hand puppet causes the flashlight to aim toward the ground.
Fixed an issue where The Animatronic's knife wasn't properly dissolving during its screaming idle animation.
Fixed an issue where The Clown uses the back of his knife during his Mori.
Fixed an issue where Sable's "Reflections in Red" outfit clips into her body when she is being carried by a killer.
Fixed an issue where the reverse bear trap is missing for The Pig in both the lobby and main menu.
Fixed an issue where Meg Thomas's 'Zipper Hoodie' torso cosmetic was not displaying properly.
Fixed an issue where a Survivor gets stuck after being unhooked.
Fixed an issue where Survivors did not keep the Mori VFX when another Survivor died on the Hook when against 4 specific Killers
Fixed an issue where Yui Kimura's outfit, Padfooted boots, while being carried by a Killer, would obstruct the Killer's POV.
Fixed an issue where The Lich's Powers were not properly changing colors when changing Colourblind mode.
Fixed an issue where the Survivor animations would sometimes desync after the Killer grabs them out of a locker.
Fixed an issue where The Ghoul's Kagune Leap on a Survivor entering a locker caused the Survivor to get stuck in the locker.
Fixed an issue where The Dredge's Nightfall lighting was applied during the mori.
Environment/Maps
Fixed an issue where Singularity's biopods would float when placed in an alley on Trickster’s Delusion map.
Fixed an issue in Midwich Elementary School where the Killer can't interact with a locker.
Fixed an issue in Trickster’s Delusion where the camera at the beginning of a trial clips through The Houndmaster.
Fixed an issue in Treatment Theater where the projectiles can't go through a plant in the map.
Fixed an issue in Treatment Theater where a Fountain of Devotion can't be interacted with.
Fixed an issue in Toba Landing where Snug could not vault over on top of the main structure.
Fixed an issue in Garden Of Joy where the collisions around the piano were blocking projectiles.
Fixed an issue in Treatment Theater where a generator can't be interacted on one side.
Fixed an issue in Dead Dawg Saloon where a yellow tarpaulin is clipping in the ground.
Fixed an issue in Trickster’s Delusion where claws that are sticking out of the wall prevent Killers to navigate in the room where they appear.
Fixed an issue in Trickster's Delusion map where most trash cans did not have flies VFX.
Fixed a multiple collision issue on a wall near the iconic tree on the Coldwind Farm by changing the default collision complexity to use the mesh as the complex collision.
Fixed a collision issue where the Killer could throw projectiles through the metal grates on the tower floor on the Lake Ormond mine map.
Fixed a one-sided texture that can be seen above the entrance of the Killer basement in the main building issue on Macmillan Estate, Suffocation Pit map by moving the dirt mesh around.
Fixed a collision issue where The Huntress hatchet gets stuck on metal bars in Freezer Room at Gideon Meat Plant.
Fixed an issue where part of the exterior right wall fades out during a Mori near the exit gates on any map in the MacMillan realm.
Fixed an issue in Trickster’s Delusion where the screen goes black when The Nurse blinks in the corner store.
Fixed an issue in Nostromo where a collision blocked the players from moving around an obstacle.
Fixed an issue in Pale Rose where a hook could not be sabotage.
Fixed an issue in Gideon Meat Plant where The Legion could vault over the edge of the Vat.
Fixed an issue in Father Campbell's Chapel where a placeholder tile could spawn in a generation of the map.
Fixed an issue in Sanctum of Wrath where The Mastermind dash would make the player lose control.
Fixed an issue in Garden of Joy where trap Killers could not use their powers in the stair landing.
Fixed an issue in Sanctum of Wrath where one trap could spawn inside of an object.
Fixed an issue in Ormond Resort where objects could spawn too close to each other and prevent the navigation of the players.
Fixed an issue in Mother's Dwelling where a character could get stuck in the collision of an object.
Perks
Fixed an issue where the Perk Ultimate Weapon activated on Totem snuff.
Fixed an issue where selecting Random Killer Perks Challenge was no longer giving Perks in a Trial.
Fixed an issue where Corrective Action remained active when the perk holder was removed by the Trial.
Fixed an issue where Vigil remained active on the hook where the perk owner had been sacrificed.
Fixed an issue where Change of Plan transformed non Toolbox items given by Dramaturgy when triggered inside a locker.
Fixed an issue where Quick & Quiet could be used just before the cooldown ends.
Fixed an issue where the Brand New Part Toolbox add-on consumed Fast Track token stacks without applying them.
Fixed an issue where The Legion was unable to Frenzy vault over a pallet being lifted up by Any Means Necessary.
Platforms
Fixed an issue on Xbox where Survivor was not able to move during a Tutorial or a Trial.
Fixed a crash occurring with DX11 on launch of the game.
Quests
Fixed an issue where the Grenade Launcher master challenge was unable to be completed.
UI
Fixed an issue where the Match Details wouldn't display when a Survivor was holding The Krasue's "Glowing Fungus".
Fixed an issue where the Match Details would mark some items as "Unknown Rarity".
Fixed an issue where opening the Match Details would interrupt actions even with the interactions set to Toggle.
Fixed an issue with the diminishing return tooltip not opening the game manual page on bots loadout.
Fixed an issue where consents could not be accepted with a controller.
Fixed a memory leak caused by entering and closing certain menu fast enough.
Fixed an issue with the HUD position to be off centered.
Fixed an issue where the Survivor HUD would shift when the Survivor's Anti-Camp bar appeared.
Misc
Fixed an issue on PC where the cursor is stuttering when connecting a controller.
Fixed an issue where the menu not scrolling with a controller.
Fixed a crash that occurs when completing the onboarding Matches.
Fixed an issue where using the Self-Unhook feature right before the skill check popped up caused the UI and VFX to appear after Self-Unhooking.
2v8
Fixed an issue where the Torchbearer was able to throw a Flashbang from a high ground.
Fixed an issue where Fearmonger's team skill caused Survivors to scream inside lockers.
Fixed an issue where the Brute Class's loading tip was out of date.
Fixed an issue where the uncaged Survivor could stay stuck in the air.
Fixed an issue where The Huntress' projectiles blocked The Mastermind's dash.
Fixed an issue where The Oni remained in Demon Dash animation when destroying a breakable wall at the same time as the other Killer.
Fixed an issue where The Nemesis's zombies could spawn between a generator and rubble in Autohaven Wreckers.
Fixed an issue where The Trapper could hide traps under the stones by a door on the second floor in the Father Campbell's Chapel map.
Fixed an issue where sometimes Survivors spawned far away from each other in the Sanctum of Wrath map.
Fixed an issue where sometimes a tree could spawn on top of the generator next to the smoke house in the Mother's Dwelling map.
Fixed an issue where a generator was unable to be interacted with on one side in the Treatment Theatre map.
Fixed an issue where Survivors were able to get on top of a pallet in the treatment room in the Treatment Theatre map.
Fixed an issue where some rocks on the ground had superfluous collision.
Changes from PTB
Diminishing Returns Update
Following PTB, the following gameplay modifiers now apply diminishing returns
only within
their role:
Negative action speed modifiers
Positive skill check chance modifiers
Dev note: Thank you for your feedback during the 9.6.0 PTB period! Following reports, we have appended the diminishing returns system to exclude specific modifiers to maintain intended interactions. Notably, negative modifiers will now only apply within the same role. We discovered during PTB that negative modifiers from Killer and Survivor sources were reducing each other, causing self-inflicted penalties to be lessened and gameplay outcomes not working as intended.
On 9.6.0 PTB, for example, the self-inflicted 30% cleansing speed penalty from the Survivor Perk Calm Spirit was being reduced by 50% when calculated against the starting 60% cleansing speed penalty from the Killer Perk Hex: Thrill of the Hunt. Similarly, we found that positive modifiers for skill checks also needed this intervention. The Survivor Perk ONE-TWO-THREE-FOUR! was causing Killer Perks like Unnerving Presence to have their effects reduced, which caused skill checks less likely to appear than the intended total increase.
While this ultimately increases complexity, this change guarantees that Survivor and Killer modifiers from Loadouts always work as intended by Players selecting them.
Progress Bar Update
The progress bar arrows no longer adjust their speed dynamically and instead have three static speeds, fast, normal, and slow.
Visible Team Perks
The selected Killer is now hidden at the start of a trial and is only displayed to all Survivors when one of the following occurs:
Survivor enters a chase
Survivor loses a health state
When the selected Killer is visible to Survivors the characters name is now also displayed.
The hidden loadout has been adjusted to not be confused with an empty loadout.
Survivor Perk Updates
Fast Track
Whenever you unhook another Survivor, you earn
1
Token, up to
1/2/3
(was "Whenever another Survivor is hooked, you earn 1/2/3 tokens, up to 9" on 9.5.2).
While repairing, whenever you hit a great basic Skill Check, spend all Tokens. For each Token spent, the Generator gains
5%
permanent progress
(was 1% permanent progress on 9.6.0 PTB).
Dev note: We have heard concerns from the community at-large on Fast Track since its rework was introduced in the 9.5.0 PTB. After a period of observation and assessment, we understand the previous trigger condition was providing too great a source of permanent generator progress in Trials for simply choosing to equip a Perk.
With this update, the responsibility to earn Tokens will now be on the Survivor Player who has chosen to equip the Perk, incentivizing them to alternate between objectives like Hook rescues and Generator repairs.
Bug Fixes
Fixed an issue where the Anti-Camp Unhook mechanic was always enabled in Custom Matches.
Fixed an issue where skill check speed was unaffected by Diminishing Returns.
Fixed an issue where several Killer Objects and blocked generator auras appeared purple instead of default white.
Fixed an issue where The Nightmare's Dream Snare auras appeared purple regardless of the aura color setting.
Fixed an issue where The Nightmare's Dream Pallets did not have a Killer Object aura once placed.
Fixed an issue where The Nightmare's Rupture power did not highlight pallets with an aura.
Fixed an issue where The Demogorgon's active portal aura was always revealed to Survivors.
Fixed an issue where Survivors footsteps VFX were missing when The Xenomorph was above a control station.
Fixed an issue where the detailed pickup item prompt displayed the previous item icon in the empty pocket slot.
Fixed an issue where the music SFX is muffled after the generator is repaired in the Nightclub in the Trickster’s Delusion map.
Fixed an issue where Survivors illusions were placeholder when using Mirrored Illusion.
Fixed an issue where the Survivor was unable to scream when Deathbound activated after healing another Survivor.
Fixed an issue where the external perk icon was missing when The Skull Merchant used the Geographical Readout add-on.
Fixed an issue where Red Herring is missing the cooldown state on the icon.
Known Issues
On Switch only, The Nightmare's Dream Snare attack can trigger distorted audio for nearby Survivors.
On Switch only, the majority of Killers and Survivors' hair are missing, transparent or flickering.
On Switch only, The Huntress' hunting hatchets are invisible in her left hand.
