# 10.1.0 | Chorus of Sin - BHVR
Source: https://forums.bhvr.com/dead-by-daylight/kb/articles/556 (consulté le 27/09/2026)

This article was created from a
community discussion
.
Content
New Killer: The Judgment
POWER: WILL OF THE GODS
DIVINE LIGHT
Press and hold the Power Button to summon Divine Light for up to
3s.
Divine Light moves away from The Judgment and is controlled with camera controls (left/right only).
While in this state, Divine Light does not damage Survivors.
If Divine Light passes through obstacles, it slows down
.
While controlling Divine Light, press the Attack Button to Cast it forward.
When Cast, it enters a brief delay before it fully activates, damaging and applying Heresy to any Survivors hit.
(Survivors inflicted with Heresy are known as Heretics)
Dev note: Divine Light enters its lethal state when it becomes larger
When cast Divine Light is lethal and if misses a Survivor by
0.5m
, reveal them with Killer Instinct for
2s.
The longer Divine Light is controlled:
The shorter the Cast delay
The longer the Cast duration
Divine Light has a
6
second cooldown.
Dev note: Divine Light's delay phase duration starts at 0.9s, after controlling Divine Light for 1s, the delay reaches its minimum of 0.3s
ZEALOUS
Press the Secondary Ability Button to Exile a Heretic in the Dying State, gaining Zealous. (
If they have 2 Hook States, they are killed instead.)
Exiling a Survivor gives them a Hook State.
When Exiling a Heretic:
The
2
closest Shrines of Judgment become Active
Zealous lasts for
60 seconds.
Gain Killer Instinct on all Heretics for
3s.
(only applies to Survivors with full Heresy)
While Zealous:
Increase Divine Light's size by
10%
Decrease Divine Light's cooldown by
20%
Maintain control of Divine Light for up to
0.3s
EXILE
Exile acts like a Hook, but does not trigger Hook-related perks.
Upon entering Exile, Survivors receive a Searcher's Pendant
(Limited Item).
Exile is filled with dangerous Seeds of Punishment that reduce a Survivor's Sacrifice timer by
3s
when hit.
Exile is also filled with helpful Exiled Souls. Hold the Use Item button to point the Searcher's Pendant at Exiled Souls to collect them.
For each Exiled Soul collected (up to 10), Survivors gain an additional
0.5s
to default Unhook Protections (10% Haste, Endurance, and Elusive).
Exiled Souls no longer grant additional protections once all Generators are completed.
Survivors who aren't in Exile can Pray at an active Shrine of Judgment
(highlighted in red)
to rescue Exiled Survivors.
HERESY
Heresy is gained when hit by Divine Light or by taunting The Judgment (crouching repeatedly, gesturing or lingering in the Exit Area...
just leave
)
Heretics suffer from special Skill Checks while repairing Generators. Good Skill Check results cause the Generator to lose some progression.
Heretics can Repent at a Shrine of Judgment to begin depleting their Heresy over time.
THE JUDGMENT - CUSTOM SETTINGS
The following settings can be found in the General settings tab under Beta, then The Judgment section
Divine Light - Control Settings
Sensitivity settings exclusive to The Judgment
Divine Light - Near Miss Killer Instinct feedback
Killer Instinct feedback setting exclusive to The Judgment
This setting is ON by default
Dev note: We understand that Killer Instinct can get overwhelming for some players. We've added this setting to allow you to disable this specific feedback from The Judgment while playing.
New Killer Perks
Celestial Witness
Every
30s
, if the Obsession is at least
40m
away from you, you see their Aura for
2/2.5/3s
. Otherwise, the farthest Survivor becomes the Obsession.
Hex: Under Your Thumb
The first time a Survivor gains a hook state, a Dull Totem ignites.
Whenever a running Survivor gains Haste within
32m
of you, you are alerted.
Running survivors cannot gain more than
25/20/15%
Haste at a time.
Lay Waste
Whenever you damage a Generator, for each Charge it has, it regresses
2%
faster.
Cooldown: 55/50/45s
.
New Survivor: Aurora
New Survivor Perks
Fruits of your Labor
Whenever a Generator is completed, you earn 1 Token.
Whenever you finish repairing a Generator, for each Token:
You gain
5%
Haste for
2s
.
You gain
10/15/20%
healing progress.
Salvation's Cry
Whenever the Killer starts chasing you:
You see the Auras of other Survivors for
1/2/3s
.
Survivors not being chased see your Aura for
5s
.
Survivors not being chased see the Killer's Aura for
5s
.
Boon: Steadfast
While next to a Totem, use "E" to bless it, creating a unique Boon Totem that combines all your Boons.
Generators within the Boon's range:
Regress
50%
slower.
Survivors repair them
8/9/10%
faster.
Survivors within the Boon's range see the Auras of affected Generators.
Base game updates
Unhook Protections:
Anytime a Survivor is unhooked, they gain Endurance and 10% Haste for
10 seconds.
(was 15 seconds)
Anytime a Survivor is unhooked, they gain Elusive for
10 seconds
.
(NEW - This does not apply once all generators are powered)
Killer perk updates
A Nurse's Calling:
Within
28/30/32m
of Survivors who are healing or being healed, you see their Auras.
(Reveals all Survivors in a healing interaction, regardless of their health state)
Dev note: There has been some confusion about the expected behaviour with A Nurse's Calling, we felt it was a good opportunity to make it more consistent and clearer.
Call of Brine:
Whenever you damage a Generator, it regresses
30/40/50%
faster for
90s
.
(was 70 seconds)
For that time, whenever a Survivor hits a good basic Skill Check while repairing that Generator, you are alerted.
Coulrophobia:
Survivors within your Terror Radius:
Heal
20/25/30%
slower.
(was 30/40/50%)
While healing, basic Skill Checks spin
50%
faster.
Dev note: Because we're buffing A Nurse's Calling back to its pre-9.2.0 state while keeping the range buff, we felt it was safer to adjust Coulrophobia at the same time to decrease its synergy with certain builds.
Hex: Thrill of the Hunt:
When the trial starts, a Dull Totem ignites.
For each Dull and Hex Totem remaining, you have
1
Token.
For each Token, Survivors bless and cleanse Totems
8/9/10% slower
.
(was 8/10/12%)
Dev note: Hex: Thrill of the Hunt has excelled at defending totem builds in the recent patches. We're slightly lowering its efficiency while reviewing the perk in the long term.
Keep Them Waiting:
Whenever you damage a Survivor who is not the Obsession with a basic-attack, you earn
1
Token, up to
6/7/8
.
For each Token, your basic-attack cooldown are
5%
shorter. (
was 4%)
Whenever the Obsession takes damage, lose
2
Tokens.
While the Obsession is dead, you cannot earn Tokens.
Nowhere to Hide:
Whenever you damage a Generator, for
3/4/5s
, you see the Auras of Survivors within
24m
of the Generator.
(was revealing auras around the Killer position)
Survivor perk updates
Sprint Burst:
Whenever you start running:
You gain
50%
Haste for
2s
.
(was 3 seconds)
You gain Exhausted for
60/50/40s
.
Apocalyptic Ingenuity:
After you rummage or unlock
1
Chest, while next to a Broken Pallet, use Active Ability Button
for
3s
to create a Fragile Pallet.
(was 2 chests, and 4 seconds)
Within
24/28/32m
, you see the Auras of Broken Pallets.
Deliverance:
Once per trial, when you safely unhook another Survivor, you can unhook yourself. When you unhook yourself this way, you gain Broken for
160/140/120s
.
(was 100/80/60 seconds)
Vigil
All Survivors within
16m
of you:
Lose Blindness
30/35/40%
faster.
(was 44/55/66%)
Lose Broken
30/35/40%
faster.
(was 44/55/66%)
Lose Exhausted
30/35/40%
faster.
(was 44/55/66%)
Lose Exposed
30/35/40%
faster.
(was 44/55/66%)
Lose Hemorrhage
30/35/40%
faster.
(was 44/55/66%)
Lose Hindered
30/35/40%
faster.
(was 44/55/66%)
Lose Mangled
30/35/40%
faster.
(was 44/55/66%)
Lose Oblivious
30/35/40%
faster.
(was 44/55/66%)
After they leave your range, this ends after
15s
.
Dev note: We heard the feedback that Vigil affects too many status effects. We will review the list of effects in an upcoming bugfix patch.
Adrenaline:
When all Generators are completed, if you are downed or injured, heal instantly. Then, ignoring Exhausted:
You gain
50%
Haste for
4s
.
(was 3 seconds)
You gain Exhausted for
60/50/40s
.
Clean Break:
Whenever you finish healing another Survivor, while being healed by another Survivor, use the Active Ability Button to gain Broken.
After
75/60/45s
, if you are not downed, you are instantly healed.
(was 80/70/60 seconds)
Moment of Glory:
After you rummage or unlock
1
Chest, while not Broken, when you become injured, gain Broken.
If you do not take damage, after
80/70/60s
, you are instantly healed.
(was previously 2 chests)
Repressed Alliance:
After repairing Generators for
55/50/45s
, while repairing a Generator alone, use
the Active Ability button to block that generator for
15s
.
(was 30 seconds)
Dev note: We heard the feedback about the requirement to activate the perk being a little too high. We will reassess this for an upcoming patch.
Technician:
While repairing a Generator:
The range of Generator repair noises is
16m
shorter.
(was 8 meters shorter)
Whenever you miss a basic Skill Check, the Generator does not explode, but loses
4/3/2%
more progress.
(was 5/4/3%)
Features
New Gameplay Showcase Section
Can be entered through Survivors and Killers lobbies
Killer Power's icon is also a point of entry for the section
Section includes detailed description of all Killers' Powers, separated by killer and Key Aspect
Each Key Aspect is accompanied by an example video
Section includes the list of Killers for players to be able to preview their power
Only accessible outside matches
Power Tooltip updated
Old Power Tooltip used to describe a Killer Power entirely is updated
Content has been removed, replaced by the same Action-based description used on the F1 section of Match Details
Updated Matchmaking Button
Updated visuals, and reduced its intensity, following PTB's feedback.
Surfaces both estimated waiting time and current time on queue
Bonuses and other complementary information is displayed through new tooltip
Hook Timer Division
The hook timer has been split into two bars, to better clarify the second hook state and death triggers.
Updated for scenarios when a Survivor is on a hook, in a Cage of Corruption (Game Mode: 2V8) or Cage of Torment (The Executioner), and in Exile (The Judgment).
MMR Update
The way MMR is calculated has now changed, it will no longer count only Kills and Escapes. Similar to Emblems it will now consider more actions within a trial.
Bug Fixes
Audio
Fixed an issue where subtitles might have disappeared before voice over finished.
Fixed an issue where Aurora's hooked voice lines would not play.
Fixed an issue where Aurora's failed skill check voice lines would not play.
Characters
Fixed an issue where The Slasher's Mini Mori wall-impale on Survivor had the Spike misaligned.
Fixed an issue where William Birkin's skins were missing a few idle animations.
Fixed an issue where The Clown's knife cleaning animation after a successful basic attack was not properly aligned with his hand.
Fixed an issue where the Huntress's Axe was misaligned when she was about to throw her hatchet.
Fixed an issue where The Artist's weapon briefly appears in the lobby when wearing the 'Miss Fuchi' outfit.
Fixed an issue where Yui Kimura's upper left chest caved inward when wearing the 'Mikasa's Dark Uniform' outfit during the idle lobby animation.
Fixed an issue where Ash J. Williams's ankles caved inward when wearing the 'Water Trash' outfit.
Fixed an issue where Legion's 'Hunk' legendary outfit's hand would clip into the pouch in the main menu.
Fixed an issue where The Unknown's Greenville Pep and Greenville Cheer cosmetics' teeth appeared to be stuck together, resulting in them stretching during the killer's Mori.
Fixed an issue where the VFX for the Pride's flashlight was missing.
Fixed an issue where The Blight's Lethal Rush Attack was unable to hit Survivors when the Survivor was inside the Killer's hitbox.
Fixed an issue where The Blight's side movements were disabled after the second Rush.
Fixed an issue where The Executioner's Punishment of the Damned failed to travel uphill.
Fixed an issue where The Skull Merchant's prompt to Deploy a Drone appeared within the Anti-Camp radius when on a different height.
Fixed an issue where Killers were unaffected by the movement penalty when a Survivor was wiggling.
Fixed an issue where Survivors were able to escape while The Twins' Victor had them bound.
Fixed an issue where idle Generators regressed when affected by Aurora Stardotter's Boon: Steadfast.
Fixed an issue where addon status effects from The Pig's add-ons were not applied to Survivors when the Video Tape add-on was also used.
Fixed an issue where the camera jittered a lot while The Wraith was invisible.
Fixed an issue where The Demogorgon could become invisible while entering a portal with lag.
Fixed an issue where The Nurse could remain stuck on top of a fence after a Blink on Autohaven Wreckers.
Bots Improvements
Fixed issues causing Survivor bots to not dodge special attacks toward the intended direction.
Survivor Bots now have a chance to misdodge Special attacks based on how fast they reacted to the attack.
Fixed issues causing Survivor bots to not heal other Survivors.
Survivor Bots are now more brave against Killers that are not moving away from a location.
Fixed an issue causing Survivor Bots to give up their goal too easily when entering the Terror Radius.
Survivor Bots no longer try to remove an inactive Reverse Bear Trap after all generators have been completed.
Fixed an issue causing Survivor Bots to prevent heals while in the Dying state.
Environment/Maps
Fixed an issue in Yamaoka's Family Residence where the Nurse could blink on top railings
Fixed an issue in Nostromos where navigation is hindered by collisions
Fixed an issue in Eyrie of Crows where the Nurse can blink inside of the stairs
Fixed an issue in Treatment Theater where the Nightmare gets stuck in the main room
Fixed an issue in Gideon Meat Plant where the Nurse could blink out of the environment
Fixed an issue in Toba Landing where the Nurse can blink under the main structure
Fixed an issue in Freddy Fazzbear's Pizza the Nurse could not blink through the wall
Fixed an issue in Ironworks of Misery where the Nurse can blink through the stairs
Fixed an issue in Autohaven Wreckers where the Nurse get stuck under the hill of the realm
Fixed an issue in the Exile tile where the players would get stuck on rocks on the ground
Fixed an issue in Toba Landing where a rock clips through the inside of the locker
Fixed an issue in Balckwater Swamp Realm where the Nurse can get stuck under floor board
Fixed an issue in Grim Pantry where the Nurse can get stuck inside a rock
Fixed an issue in Trickster's Delusion where lockers are doubled in the alley near the night club
Fixed an issue in Mother's Dwelling where the dark lord gets stuck against a meat hook in the smoke house when in bat form
Fixed an issue where The Skull Merchant was unable to deploy a Drone on the stairs and on the 2nd floor of the Main Building on Dvarka Deepwood
Fixed an issue on the Autohaven Wreckers - Blood Lodge's map where the Nurse can Blink on top of the fence and be stuck between the fence and chimney.
Perks
Fixed an issue where Plot Twist deactivated the Corrupt Intervention Perk early.
Fixed an issue where Plot Twist could trigger Eruption
Fixed an issue where Hex: Under Your Thumb's external icon was displayed to Survivors without the Haste Status Effect.
Fixed an issue where Boon: Steadfast's repair speed effect did not apply upon blessing the Totem while a Survivor was repairing a Generator.
Fixed an issue where Boon: Steadfast's effect stacked when a Generator was in range of two Boon Totems.
UI
The DBD game logo has been updated to the latest version across the game
The Players Tab in Match Details now shows the Killer's Portrait instead of their Power Icon
It is a known issue that a handful of Legendary cosmetics to not have a Killer Portrait icon. This will be fixed in an upcoming release.
Fixed an issue where the game would freeze for a bit when hovering over the quest button.
Fixed an issue where the faces on The Judgment's legs were missing from the Customization icons
Fixed an issue where an incorrect image was displayed on the interrupt and grab 1 survivor(s) quest
Polished visual issues on the Summertime Smash Banner
Polished the Clawing Death Banner to ensure Sable was not cut off by the screen edge
Polished Mikaela's dress on the Sunshine, or Whatever Banner
Fixed an issue where the matchmaking button would display incorrect player counts and ready states
Fixed an issue where the character name shown in a player's lobby tag would not update after switching to a legendary customization
Fixed an issue where the unblock option was missing from the social dropdown in the lobby on some platforms
Fixed an issue where the name in a player's lobby tag would not change color when hovered
Fixed an issue where the ban countdown timer in the matchmaking button displayed an incorrect time after receiving DPP
Fixed an issue where the queue timer in the matchmaking button would reset after navigating between screens
Miscellaneous
Fixed an issue where game would crash while leaving or joining a match
Fixed an issue where some Female Survivors had distorted facial animations
Changes from PTB
New Killer: The Judgment
Divine Light:
Added visuals for when Divine Light has reached its maximum potential (i.e. when the delay duration reaches its shortest and the Cast duration its highest)
Added Killer Instinct when Divine Light puts a Survivor in the Dying State
Added Killer Instinct when Divine Light misses a Survivor by
0.5m
Dev note: This is ON by default, but it can be disabled in the General Settings, under the Beta tab, in The Judgment's Custom Settings section. When equipping Heretic's Mark, the setting is automatically set to ON.
Increase distance at which Cast Divine Light's Aura is revealed to Survivors to 48 m (was 32 m)
Dev note: Improving accessibility is something we take very seriously. We've increased this range due to Divine Light's travel speed (and the fact that it goes through walls). In the event that more is needed, we will add a visual indicator in a future hotfix. These both have levers we can adjust to meet our goal while minimizing the impact it has on The Judgment.
While Zealous, the curve window for Divine Light is set to
0.3s
(was scaling based on controlled state duration)
Dev note: This should help Killer players get more consistent results with Divine Light curves while Zealous. This value was chosen as a starting point to better assess what data we get from a consistent curve window.
Exile:
Adjusted Seeds of Punishment to be a little bit more aggressive
Increase Hook Timer penalty from being hit by Seeds of Punishment to
3s
(was 1s)
Decrease Seeds of Punishment immunity when being hit to
0.5s
(was 2s)
Increase distance between Seeds of Punishment to
4m
(was 3m)
Addons:
Holy Winged Icon
Decreased min delay to 0.4s.
(was 0.5s)
Dev note: Holy Winged Icon can be a great mix-up option, but it's still a little difficult to land. This should help make it a bit more consistent to use
Prayer Kneeler
Removed Cast modifiers.
Dev note: Prayer Kneeler has been a favorite by players as a means to make the power more accessible and decreasing the skill floor, made possible by the slowdown "stickiness". While we wish to keep this behavior, we're removing the additional upside of a faster Cast to reward higher skill expression without its use.
Electric Torch
Removed radius penalty.
Swapped rarity to Rare.
Undying Flame
Decreased radius penalty to 20%.
(was 50%)
Dev note: We might've been a little too cautious with the downside making this too difficult to use at regular ranges, so we're trying a less dramatic size penalty
Aurora's Telereceptor
Whenever a Heretic sees your aura for a duration, they see it for 2s longer.
(NEW)
Dev note: Aurora's Telereceptor has been shown to be a very consistent source of aura reading with the power, which becomes especially powerful when extended by Lethal Pursuer. To help with this, we're giving survivors an extra heads up to match what the aura duration might be with Lethal Pursuer, while also making this a riskier choice compared to other aura addons.
Order of Inquisition
Decreased the min size penalty to 25%.
(was 50%)
Decreased the max size increase to 50%.
(was 100%)
Superheated Glass
Decreased the Zealous penalty to 20%.
(was 50%)
Whenever you break an object this way, survivors within 12 meters of it gain Heresy and Scream.
(NEW)
Dev note: The previous penalty to Zealous made this a more unattractive addon to use, so we're dialing the penalty back while also giving it more value.
Mark of the Adherent
While not Zealous, increases the radius of Divine Light by 10%.
(REWORK)
Swapped rarity to Uncommon
Dev note: The previous behavior of this addon was already pretty niche in use, admittedly difficult to understand, and was overshadowed by the base Zealous steering behavior. Instead, we've chosen to rework it to a basic option new players can gravitate to with no downsides. Keep in mind that while Zealous, your radius is increased by 20%, so this addon brings your non-Zealous state closer to that maximum value.
Confessor's War Horn
Fixed the duration to be 10s, as it is written.
(was functionally 8s)
Searcher's Skull
Increased blind duration to 2.5s
(was 1.5s)
Dev note: Previously the addon's description did not show this value.
Chains of the Heretic
Decreased min delay to 0.35s.
(was 0.5s)
Dev note: This ends up being slightly more than the basekit 0.3s
Eyes of Gerhardt
Added an additional trigger condition of Heretics exiting a locker
Obsidian Feather
Swapped rarity to Visceral
Additionally prevent manual casting, further boost controlled speed, and reducing time controlled.
(NEW)
Dev note: This addon was already very transformative to the power, so we've chosen to make it Visceral rarity to match its effect. To make its use more interesting and challenging to those who seek to master the power, we're adding the additional limitation of Casting it before it times out, while leaning more into the whacky higher speed payoff.
Crown of the Destroyer
Swapped rarity to Very Rare
Decreased Terror Radius reduction from to 70%.
(was 75%)
Mirror of the Creators
Decreased the pause duration to 0.4s
(was 0.5s)
Dev note: While we still intend to keep this a chaotic and fun choice rather than it become the meta option, it could serve to be a little harder to react to as survivor
Known Issues
The Judgment's Killer Instinct Feedback on Near Misses tooltip description shows a placeholder string
The Judgment's Divine Light Control Settings disables horizontal movement when set to 0. Setting it to 1 prevents this.
Still Sight cannot be activated after being rescued from the Exile
Deathbound prematurely deactivates when another survivor completes a healing action
The Onryo can be seen more than 24 meters away while demanifested in some cases
Mettle of Man perk is activating one hit sooner than it should.
