# 9.5.0 | All-Kill: Comeback - BHVR
Source: https://forums.bhvr.com/dead-by-daylight/kb/articles/538 (consulté le 27/09/2026)

CONTENT
NEW MAP: TRICKSTER'S DELUSION
The Sleepless District will be the new Realm
NEW SURVIVOR: KWON TAE-YOUNG
New Survivor Perks:
Flow State
Whenever a generator is completed, earn
1
token, up to
5
.
For each token:
You bless and cleanse Totems
8/9/10%
faster.
You heal
8/9/10%
faster.
You unhook Survivors
8/9/10%
faster.
A Place For Us
While healing another Survivor, you both gain
Elusive
.
Whenever you finish healing The Obsession, you both gain
Elusive
for
20/25/30
s.
When the trial starts, you are less likely to be the Obsession.
Five Moves Ahead
While you are in the Killer's Terror radius or chased by the Killer:
You see the Auras of the
5
closest Pallets and Windows.
After you drop a Pallet, you start moving
50%
earlier.
Whenever you drop a Pallet, cooldown:
40/35/30
s.
GAMEPLAY FEATURES
Killer Updates
Killer Update - The Trickster
Summary
The Trickster now gains Style Points by throwing Blades, injuring Survivors and performing distinct gameplay actions back-to-back
The Trickster goes up in Style Ranks by earning Style Points.
Each Style Rank improves The Trickster's Blade throw rate and Locker Restocking speed.
Main Event can now only be activated once reaching the highest Style Rank.
Style Points and Style Ranks are tracked via a new user interface element custom-made for The Trickster.
Basekit
The Trickster's movement speed decreased to
4.4m/s
(was 4.6 m/s)
.
Blade count decreased to
36
(was 44)
.
Decreased Terror Radius to
24m
(was 32m)
.
Decreased time to enter Throw State to
0.3s
(was 0.35s)
.
Decreased time to exit Throw State to
1.15s
(was 1.25s)
.
Increased time between Blade throws to
0.33s
(was 0.3s)
.
Decreased base Throw State movement speed to
3.86m/s
(was 3.68m/s)
.
After
5
consecutive Blade throws, Throw State movement speed is decreased to
3.53 m/s
.
After
10
consecutive Blade throws, Throw State movement speed is decreased to
3.16 m/s
.
Increase Blade throw rate per Blade thrown:
After
5
consecutive Blade throws, the throw rate increased by
50%
.
After
10
consecutive Blade throws, the throw rate is increased by
100%
.
Laceration
Laceration now only counted using whole numbers
(previously decayed into decimals)
.
Laceration Meter decreased to
6
(was 8)
.
Laceration Meter decay delay decreased to
12s
(was 15s)
.
Increase Laceration stack decay time to
4.4s
(was 3s)
.
Laceration visual feedback updated.
Now displayed on the Survivor directly, for both Survivors and Killer.
Laceration cuts removed from Survivors' user interface.
Style Points
The Trickster performing combo actions generates Style Points.
A combo action is triggered when two back-to-back gameplay actions are distinct.
The following actions generate
1 Style Point
:
Hitting a Survivor with a Blade
(first-hit only).
Injuring a Survivor
(from Laceration or basic-attack).
Hooking a Survivor.
Basic-breaking a Downed Pallet.
Basic-breaking a Breakable Wall.
Damaging a Generator.
Snuffing a Boon Totem.
The following actions generate
2 Style Points
:
Hitting a Survivor with
4
Blades from at least
4m
(without missing or exiting the Throw State).
Hitting a Survivor with a Blade from more than
16m
away.
Interrupting a Survivor.
The following actions generate
3 Style Points
:
Hitting a Survivor with a Blade through small gaps.
Style Ranks
There are 6 Style Ranks: E, D, C, B, A and S-Rank.
Style Ranks each have their respective bonus maximum throw rate and Locker restocking speed modifiers.
Higher bonuses at higher ranks.
Higher Style Ranks require more Style Points to reach.
Higher Style Ranks feature progressively shorter combo timers.
Ranks regress to previous in order if combo timer ever lapses.
Earning Style Points refreshes the current Style Rank's combo timer.
Style Rank combo timers are paused while The Trickster is performing interactions with Survivors or interactable objects.
S-Rank
When reaching of S-Rank
Survivors within
44m
of The Trickster are revealed via Killer Instinct for
4.4s
.
All Survivors are notified across the Trial.
While in S-Rank:
The Trickster gains a
44m
Terror radius.
Lullaby is disabled.
Laceration Meters decay
50%
slower.
Blade throw and Locker restock speeds increased to maximum.
Main Event can be activated.
S-Rank has a
66s
combo timer.
S-Rank
cannot
be paused or refreshed
(unlike lower Style Ranks)
.
S-Rank
always
reverts to E-Rank
(via timer, or once Main Event ends)
.
Main Event
Press the Secondary Ability button to activate Main Event
Main Event lasts
10s
(was 8s).
Main Event movement speed set at
3.92 m/s
.
The Trickster throws Blades at at
1.67x
the default Blade throw speed.
Note: not affected by Consecutive Blade Throw and Style Rank Blade Throw modifiers.
Survivors near The Trickster are notified.
While performing Main Event:
S-Rank timer is paused.
Each Blade hitting Survivors awards bonus Style Points.
The Trickster can cancel Main Even via the Secondary Ability button.
When Main Event ends:
The Trickster's Power goes on cooldown for
4s
.
S-Rank resets to E-Rank
The Trickster goes up in Style Ranks over time, based on bonus Style Points earned during Main Event.
The Trickster's Add-Ons
Memento Blades
(Rework)
Displays
a reticle while aiming with Blades.
Trick Pouch
Increases
maximum carried
Blades
by
4
.
Start the Trial with
4
extra
Blades
.
Killing Part Chords
(Rework)
Increases
time before Style Ranks from D to A decay by
20%
.
Inferno Wires
(Rework)
Decreases
Showstopper's cooldown after Main Event by
44%
.
Ji-Woon's Autograph
(Rework)
Increases
the duration of Main Event by
44%
.
Lucky Blade
(Rework)
On every eighth Blade Hit, an additional bonus is assigned at random:
Increases Throw Speed by
8%
for
8 seconds.
Gain 3%
Haste for
3 seconds
.
Gain
an additional Style Point.
Caged Heart Shoes
(Rework)
When you basic-break Pallets and Breakable Walls or damage Generators, the next time you enter the Throw State, increase movement speed while in the Throw State by
5%
for
10 seconds
.
Tequila Moonrock
(Rework)
Increases
Throw Speed by
15%
for
10 seconds
after gaining a Style Rank.
Bloody Boa
(Rework)
Decreases
the speed at which Laceration decays by
25%
.
On Target Single
(Rework)
Increases
time before Laceration starts decaying by
30%
.
Fizz-Spin Soda
(Rework)
Increases
the number of Blade Throws required to slow movement speed while throwing by
2
.
Waiting for You Watch
(Rework)
Survivors whose Laceration Meter fully decays are revealed for
4 seconds
.
Ripper Brace
(Rework)
For each Style Rank, you basic-vault Windows, basic-break Pallets or Breakable Walls, and damage Generators
3%
faster.
Melodious Murder
Increases Blade
reload speed at lockers by
25%
.
Diamond Cufflinks
Reveals Survivors' auras for
6 seconds
when their Laceration reaches one
Blade
hit from maximum.
Edge of Revival Album
(Rework)
Blade Hits from more than
20 meters
away deal
100%
more Laceration.
Trick Blades (Rework)
Blades can ricochet off the environment once.
On every eighth Blade Hit after a ricochet, an additional bonus is assigned at random:
Increases Laceration by
100%
.
Reveal Survivor auras within
12 meters
for
4.4 seconds
.
Gain an additional Style Point.
Cut Thru U Single
(Rework)
When reaching
A-Rank
, Survivors within
32 meters
are revealed with Killer Instinct for
4.4 seconds
.
Death Throes Compilation
(Rework)
Refills
Blades by
50%
of the maximum when Main Event ends.
Iridescent Photocard
(Rework)
Increases
the duration of Main Event by
100%
.
When Main Event is activated: reveal your aura to all Survivors, all Survivors’ auras are revealed, and
block
all Generators for
6 seconds.
The First
Decreased 2nd phase of the Wordbreaker Timer from 60 seconds to 50 seconds.
Killer Base Attack lunge speed adjusted from 6.6m/s to 6.9m/s to be on par with all Killers.
The First's Add-Ons
Bead Maze
Now increases Worldbreaker Timer for 2.5 seconds for each living Survivor.
Shattered Wrist Rocket
Changed Common Rarity to Uncommon Rarity.
Bloody Roller Skate
Now Killer gains the Haste Effect for 1.5 seconds upon exiting Undergate Attack.
Mid-Century Radio
Changed Uncommon Rarity to Common Rarity.
Forged Death Certificate
Reworked for Each successful Worldbreaker Token placed on a Survivor via Vine Attack
Undetectable Status Effect
until the next Worldbreaker Mode activation.
Rabbit Remains
Changed Rare Rarity to Very Rare.
Now give Exhausted status effect for 10 seconds, and increase the Upside Down Ability cooldown by 5 seconds.
Broken Skateboard
Reworked for When Worldbreaker Mode starts, you basic-vault windows
30%
faster and auras of Pallets and Windows are revealed to you within 32 meters for the next
65 seconds
.
Pizza Goggles
Changed Very Rare Rarity to Rare Rarity.
Reworked for The Undergate Attack's area of effect range is reduced by
90%
, and its cooldown time is shortened by
25 seconds
.
Your exit cooldown time after executing the Undergate Attack is reduced by
80%
.
Chess Piece
Removed the negative aspect of increasing the Upside Down Ability cooldown and the two charges attack radius are now diminished by
40%
.
The Ghoul
Adjusted Reticule stickiness on Survivor from 0.18 to 0.05 seconds when attempting a Kagune grabs.
Killer can no longer automatically damages nearby Survivors following a Leap vault.
Killer Actions Update
Accompanying the new language found in the Perks Description Update (see below), we have expanded our distinction between basic and special actions performed by Killers.
Starting in update 9.5.0, the following terms will now appear in Power, Add-on and Perk descriptions:
Basic-break
When a Pallet or Breakable Wall is broken by the default ability of any Killer.
Special-break
When a Downed Pallet or Breakable Wall is broken due to an ability granted by a Killer's Power.
Basic-vault
When a Window is vaulted by the default ability of any Killer.
Special-vault
When a Window or Downed Pallet is vaulted due to an ability granted by a Killer's Power.
Damaging Generators
When a Generator is damaged and loses progress due to the default ability of any Killer.
Generator Explosions
When a Generator loses progress due to an ability granted by a Killer's Power or Perk.
With these new terms, we intend to express with increased accuracy when specific gameplay interactions are intended to work alongside one another.
Notably Killer Powers and Killer Perks.
Multiple gameplay descriptions. been updated to surface these new interactions.
The following Killers' Power descriptions have been updated:
Basic-break
The Singularity
Special-break
The Shape
The Hillbilly
The Cannibal
The Demogorgon
The Oni
The Blight
The Nemesis
The Knight
The Dark Lord
Special-vault
The Legion
The Mastermind
The Good Guy
The Ghoul
The Krasue
The following Killer Add-on descriptions have been updated:
The Wraith - "The Serpent" - Soot
The Wraith - "Shadow Dance" - White
The Wraith - "Shadow Dance" - Blood
The Hillbilly - Lo Pro Chains
The Spirit - Kintsugi Teacup
The Legion - Iridescent Button
The Ghost Face - Olsen's Wallet
The Demogorgon - Barb's Glasses
The Executioner - Obsidian Goblet
The Mastermind - Lab Photo
The Knight - Pillaged Mead
The Skull Merchant - Geographical Readout
The Xenomorph - Self-Destruct Bolt
The Good Guy - Hard Hat
The Lich - Ring of Telekinesis
The Lich - Vorpal Sword
The Dark Lord - Pocket Watch
The Dark Lord - Sylph Feather
The Houndmaster - Gunpowder Tin
The Ghoul - CCG ID Card
The Ghoul - Red-headed Centipede
The Ghoul - Iridescent Eye Patch
The Animatronic - Endo CPU
The Krasue - Rotten Swine
The Krasue - Mysterious Elixir
The First - Shattered Wrist Rocket
The First - Stained Glass Mural
The First - Broken Skateboard
The First - Electroshock Collar
The following Killer Perk descriptions have been updated:
Brutal Strength
Overcharge
Fire-Up
Bamboozle
Pop Goes The Weasel
Spirit Fury
(now "destroys" pallets)
Surge
Trail of Torment
Dragon's Grip
Oppression
Eruption
Scourge Hook: Pain Resonance
Call of Brine
Dissolution
(now "destroys" pallets)
Superior Anatomy
Nowhere to Hide
Game Afoot
THWACK!
Machine Learning
Unbound
Unforeseen
Undone
Dark Arrogance
Help Wanted
Turn Back The Clock
Hex: Hive Mind
The following Survivor Perk descriptions have been updated:
Alert
Blast Mine
Wiretap
Chemical Trap
Bada Bada Boom
Survivor Item Update
Fog Vial
Reworked the Fog Cloud visual effect and rendering method.
Opacity inside and outside its bounds is now consistent across all Realms.
Always fully opaque when seen from the outside.
Adapts to each Realm's unique lighting and color.
The following essential Auras are now always displayed through the Fog Cloud:
When a Survivor is downed.
When a Survivor is hooked.
Increased the number of charges to 4
(was 2)
for the following items:
Apprentice's Fog Vial
Artisan's Fog Vial
Vigo's Fog Vial
Fog Vial Add-ons
Potent Extract (Visceral):
Increased Fog Cloud increased opacity bonus to 100%
(was 5%)
.
Note: the increased bonus opacity is relative to the new Fog Cloud visual effect.
Survivor Perk Updates
Better Together
Plot Twist can no longer force this Perk's effect to activate out of the Survivor's control.
Fast Track
(Rework)
Whenever another Survivor is hooked, you earn
1/2/3
Token(s), up to
9
.
While repairing, whenever you hit a great basic Skill Check, spend all Tokens. For each Token spent, the Generator gains
2
permanent Charges.
Self-Preservation
(Rework)
When another Survivor is hooked, you gain Elusive for
20/25/30s
.
The icon has been updated to reflect this change
Unbreakable
Once per trial, while
downed by the Killer
, you can fully recover.
While downed, you recover 25/30/35% faster.
Note:
now only grants the Survivor the ability to recover when the Killer was specifically responsible for them entering the downed state.
Killer Perk Updates
Forced Hesitation
Plot Twist can no longer force this Perk's effect to activate out of the Killer's control.
Genetic Limits
Updated to apply the Exhausted status effect simultaneously when the health state loss is recognized on Survivors, not afterwards.
Hex: Crowd Control
(Rework)
The first time a Survivor medium or fast-vaults a Window, a Dull Totem ignites.
The last
4/5/6
Windows Survivors medium or fast-vault are blocked.
You basic-vault blocked Windows
15%
faster.
You see the Auras of blocked Windows within
24m
.
Pop Goes The Weasel
Whenever you hook a Survivor, for the next
35/40/45s
, when you damage a Generator, it explodes and loses
15%
more progress
(was 20% current progress, now total progress-only)
.
Terminus
Updated to trigger earlier when Generators are completed to block healing abilities of Survivors occurring simultaneously.
FEATURES
Perks Description Update
All Survivor and Killer Perk descriptions in the game have been
updated
and
revised
with
simplified
and consistent language.
Aside from Perk updates above, Perk gameplay has
not
changed across the board.
Our goals were the following:
Shorten text and character usage.
Ease Player understanding.
Reset Perk language for easier future maintenance.
To help achieve this, we have added Expanding Tooltips in the user interface:
Status Effects can now be expanded separately to display reminders.
Status Effects each feature unique colour labels, flagging them as positive or negative.
Keybindings associated with a Perk's activated effect are now displayed within a Perk's text description.
Examples: Dead Hard, Come And Get Me!, Dramaturgy, etc.
Auras Customization
Auras colors have been updated
Players can customize some auras' colors on
Beta tab
Survivors
Killers
Hooked/dying survivors
Normal Hooks
Generators
Pallets
Windows
Store: Players can use a "Clear all" button to remove active notifications
New Prestige Menu & Rewards System:
Added a new way to track and view your rewards when Prestiging your character.
Simply clicking on your characters' Prestige level will let you access and track your progress
New rewards given at Prestige 25, 50, 75 & 100 per character
Bug Fixes
Audio
Fixed an issue where Haddie's 'Silent Breach' outfit does not have its Lobby theme playing when equipped.
Fixed an issue where outfits in the 'Moonrise' collection are missing their Lobby Themes when equipped.
Fixed an issue where Junji-Ito' Lobby theme is missing when using the 'Soichi's Party Clothes' outfit for the Trickster in Lobby.
Fixed an issue where the generator repair dialog between the Walking Dead characters no longer trigger.
Fixed an issue where SFX from the Furin add-on plays from Killer POV when phasing with the Spirit.
Fixed an issue where Cage of atonement music is not working properly.
Fixed an issue where missing final part of the Audio during a Mori with The Trickster.
Fixed an issue where Rift Animations and SFX is repeated when pressing the Rift Pass Button.
Fixed an issue where the Trickster's bat swinging SFX are inconsistent between the Camera Pan animation, his M1, and the idle lobby animation.
Fixed an issue where the Trickster's Chase music will not return to default after unequipping either of the two special addons.
Fixed an issue where some surfaces were playing a metallic sound instead of cloth when hit.
Fixed an issue where several of the Trickster's customization outfits will play no sound effects from the weapon while loading into a lobby.
Fixed an issue where there was an SFX that triggers every time the Survivors or the Killer enter or exit the radius of the Fog Vial.
Fixed an issue where the Generators' progress SFX is missing in the Tutorials.
Bot Improvements
Fixed issues causing Survivor Bots to not dodge the intended direction.
Improved Survivor Bots' dodging against The Trickster.
Survivor Bots now have as much control as players when speared by The Deathslinger.
Tentative fix for Survivor Bots sometimes automatically revealing Ghostface from anywhere.
Survivor Bots are now smarter with what they interact with when playing against The Plague.
Survivor Bots now no longer use Plot Twist when infected by The Plague or The Krasue.
Survivor Bots will now avoid taunting and blocking the path of other Survivors during chases.
Fixed multiple navigation issues in Ormond Lake Mine.
Characters
Fixed an issue where The Animatronic no longer holds the side of the screen when performing Lobby animation.
Fixed an issue where The Animatronic's animation could break when pallet stunned while using Axe Grab on a Survivor.
Fixed an issue where Remove Axe could allow Survivors to walk through The Animatronic in some instances.
Fixed an issue where The Animatronic could display stretching issues when performing a lunge attack or passing through a security door.
Fixed an issue where The Nemesis could hit Survivors with Tentacle Strike after they exited the trial.
Fixed an issue where The Trapper could bypass trap placement areas by flicking.
Fixed an issue where The Trapper's Bear Trap had inconsistent hitbox detection.
Fixed an issue where The Trapper could place traps in inaccessible locations by FPS glitching.
Fixed an issue where The Cannibal's power could break during state changes.
Fixed an issue where The Shape was unable to Tombstone Mori a Survivor while Bardic Inspiration was being performed.
Fixed an issue where The Shape could kill a Survivor during the self-unhook animation while Evil Incarnate was active.
Fixed an issue where The Demogorgon would stutter when spamming M2.
Fixed an issue where The Demogorgon’s animation would not play properly when channeling the Abyss.
Fixed an issue where the Dire Crow could be missing from the Survivor POV during The Artist's mori.
Fixed an issue where The Artist's Dire Crow's flight path did not behave consistently around small assets.
Fixed an issue where The Blight's turn rate slows down when stunned by Head On.
Fixed an issue where The Blight was unable to injure Survivors when performing a Lunge Attack and Rush at the same time.
Fixed an issue where The Ghoul's Kagune Leap reticle would change colors when targeting an occupied locker.
Fixed an issue where The Ghoul's Enrage Mode countdown continued when a Kagune Mark got cleansed while carrying a Survivor.
Fixed an issue where Survivors who unhook themselves started generating Blood Orbs from The Oni immediately instead of 10 seconds after the unhook.
Fixed an issue where The Good Guy's Slice & Dice did not always land the hit after releasing the button early.
Fixed an issue where the external icon was missing when The Skull Merchant's add-on "Geographical Readout" was active.
Fixed an issue where the Survivor Reveal distance was inconsistent between 15 and 32 meters against The Ghost Face.
Fixed an issue where The Legion's power could break when blinded while vaulting.
Fixed an issue where The Legion's power description incorrectly labelled the movement speed bonus from landing a Feral Slash hit as 0.2m/s.
Fixed an issue where The Huntress' hatchets would inconsistently detect collision when attempting to hatchet throw through a window.
Fixed an issue where The Krasue was unable to Intestinal Whip crouched Survivors on stairs.
Fixed an issue where The First's Vine attack animation would frequently remain in the charged state after spamming Release Vine Attack.
Fixed an issue where The First's Mind Break animation sometimes wouldn’t play properly for the Survivor.
Fixed an issue where The First's Mind Break animation was missing when two or more Survivors were hit at the same time while the Mini-Mori requirements were met.
Fixed an issue where The First became invisible from the Custom Game Spectator point of view after exiting the Upside Down.
Fixed an issue where the mend action could not be executed when two or more Survivors were hit at the same time while the Mini-Mori requirements were met for The First.
Fixed an issue where The Houndmaster would rubberband when walking after successfully grabbing a Survivor with the Chase ability.
Fixed an issue where the application could crash for Survivors and the Killer after The Houndmaster hooked a Survivor.
Fixed an issue where the camera could get stuck in Charlotte's or Victor's head, making it difficult to control The Twins.
Fixed an issue where The Lich could rarely keep the movement speed of "Fly" when stunned at the same time as casting the spell.
Fixed an issue where the flashlight beam would reappear after The Dark Lord changed to Bat From after being previously blinded by the flashlight and the Survivor crafted a Flash Bang.
Fixed an issue where The Dark Lord's Hellfire pillar could be visually missing.
Fixed an issue where, as Eleven, a texture stretching issue could be seen in the left armpit area of the outfit.
Fixed an issue where Survivors could not remove the Reverse Bear Trap if they screamed at the end of a Jigsaw Box search.
Fixed an issue where The Pig's HUD prompts change when falling from a ledge while crouched.
Fixed an issue where some of The Dredge's Smoke is played over the Map Item light beam.
Fixed an issue where generators, TV auras and out of world are visible while the Onryo projects to a TV.
Fixed an issue where Survivors were unable to grab The Onryo's VHS Tape after crafting a Flashbang.
Characters - The Mastermind
Refactor done in the Virulent Bound power. This specifically tackles the desync issues found while using the power. Will also improve responsiveness for most of his power usage. As well changed how we detect a collision with other characters (Survivors, Killers, Zombies) while grabbing a Survivor. It will now properly detect the size of the character collision size.
Fixed an issue where The Mastermind’s Virulent Bound could glide off a hill’s ledge when falling
Fixed an issue where The Mastermind’s Virulent Bound Speed effect was displayed after vaulting and falling a ledge.
Fixed an issue where Survivors were able to use their flashlight while being thrown with Virulent Bound by The Mastermind.
Fixed an issue where The Mastermind could initiate a partial vault on a pallet near a hole while falling.
Fixed an issue where The Mastermind could grab Survivors through vault locations when using Virulent Bound at a certain angle.
Fixed an issue where The Mastermind would briefly float in the air when vaulting from a higher vantage point while using Virulent Bound.
Fixed an issue where The Mastermind's supply crate could be climbed on when forcing collision with other players.
Fixed an issue where the chase music would end after successfully hitting a healthy Survivor with the Virulent Bound as The Mastermind.
Fixed an issue where Survivors could be stuck in rocks after being charged by The Mastermind on Thompson House.
Fixed an issue where a Survivor could lose control of their character if The Mastermind used Virulent Bound as they entered a locker.
Fixed an issue where players could escape a trial when grabbed by The Mastermind under high latency conditions.
Fixed an issue where the collision box was too large when using Charge Bound on a Survivor towards another Survivor as The Mastermind.
Environment/Maps
Fixed an issue in the Disturbed Wall where there`s not enough space to interact in front of a hook.
Fixed an issue in the Treatment Theater where the Plague's Vile Purge was blocked by an invisible collision.
Fixed an issue where The Mastermind could bound off a balcony on The Sanctum of Wrath
Fixed an issue where The Nurse could blink into the caged bathroom stalls in Midwich Elementary.
Moved a simple collision in the tunnel of the Lake Ormond Mine map, in order to correct the issue of survivors who could stand on an invisible collision and become immune to killer attacks
Fixed an issue in the realm Autohaven Wreckers where the projectile of the Plague would be blocked by invisible collisions
Fixed an issue in the realm Coldwind Farm where the projectile of the Plague would be blocked by invisible collisions
Fixed an issue in Garden Of Joy where the legion could not vault one side of a pallet next to the green house
Fixed an issue in Dead Dawg Saloon where killers could not kick one side of a generator
Fixed an issue in Trickster's Delusion where the camera introduction of the Houndmaster clips inside the character
Fixed multiple issues where the guards of The Knight where they would get stuck on the side of hills
Fixed an issue in Ormond Lake Mine where the collisions of tires were blocking powers of killers
Fixed an issue in Coal Tower where Killers would not be able to navigate between trees
Fixed an issue in Garden Of Joy where the killers were able to climb a rock
Perks
Fixed an issue where the Phantom Fear perk could trigger during the mori animation for The Shape with the Tombstone add-on.
Fixed an issue where Survivors held item's rarity would increase when using Blast Mine and the Exultation perk on a cloaked The Wraith.
Fixed an issue where Face The Darkness did not activate with Claw Traps and For The People.
Fixed an issue where the Recover bar could appear reduced after interacting with a generator while Invocation: Weaving Spiders was active.
Fixed an issue where the wolf form pounce special attack did not remove Play With Your Food tokens for The Dark Lord.
Fixed an issue where Turn Back The Clock's ability button was briefly visible when several Killers used their power.
Fixed an issue where Off The Record failed to activate when unhooked by Shoulder The Burden.
Fixed an issue where Thrilling Tremors would trigger Secret Project's Undetectable effect after all generators were completed.
Fixed an issue where Hex: Pentimento rekindled totem auras were not revealed to Survivors.
Fixed an issue where Blood Warden's aura reading was active before the conditions were met.
Platforms
Fixed an issue where Survivors were unable to remove Killer Items when the pick up item / interaction buttons were bound to the D-Pad.
UI
Bottom Navigation menu buttons now display their input prompts for Controllers.
Fixed an issue where the Survivor HUD would update whenever a Survivor used a locker against The Lich
Fixed an issue where the game would crash if you stayed for extended periods of time in the tally screen.
Fixed controller input placeholder in the shrine of secret.
Fixed equip button feedback not triggering correctly.
Misc
Fixed an error preventing Tutorial Bot matches from starting.
Fixed an issue where Survivor could unhook themselves in the Tutorial, softlocking them.
Fixed an issue where Survivors were unable to use Fog Vials near ledges.
Fixed an issue where the Potent Extract Fog Vial add-on had no effect on the duration.
Fixed an issue where pink fog appears briefly behind the Killer after previewing a Mori.
Changes from PTB
New Perks
Updates
A Place For Us
When you finish healing the Obsession, you now "
both
" gain Elusive for the duration.
Five Moves Ahead
Increased cooldown by 10 seconds for each perk tier.
Clarified the text description of the "pallet-dropping speed" effect.
(no gameplay change)
Killer Updates
The Trickster
Increased base Throw State movement speed to
3.86 m/s
(was 3.68 m/s).
Decreased to after
5
consecutive Blade throws, throw state movement speed is decreased to 3.53 m/s
(was 8).
Decreased to after
10
consecutive Blade throws, throw state movement speed is decreased to 3.16 m/s
(was 16).
Updated Blade throw rates per blade thrown
Decreased to after
5
consecutive Blade throws, the throw rate is at the 50% point in the curve
(was 8).
Decreased to after
10
consecutive Blade throws, the throw rate is at the 100% point in the curve
(was 16)
.
Increase Laceration Stack Decay to
4.4 seconds
(was 3 seconds).
Increase Main Event movement speed to
3.92 m/s
(was 3.86 m/s).
Increase Main Event duration to
10 seconds
(was 8 seconds).
The Trickster's Add-ons - Updates
Inferno Wires
Decreases Showstopper's cooldown after Main Event by
44%
(was 10%).
Ji-Woon's Autograph
Increases the duration of Main Event by
44%
(was 33%)
.
Tequila Moonrock
Increases Throw Speed by
15%
for
10 seconds
after gaining a Style Rank
(was 10% for 8s).
Bloody Boa
Decreases the speed at which Laceration decays by
25%
(was 10%)
.
On Target Single
Increases time before Laceration starts decaying by
30%
(was 15%)
.
Edge of Revival Album
Blade Hits from more than
20 meters
away deal 100% more Laceration
(was 32 meters).
The Trickster's Add-ons - Reworks
Caged Heart Shoes
When you basic-break Pallets and Breakable Walls or damage Generators, the next time you enter the Throw State, increase movement speed while in the Throw State by 5% for 10 seconds.
Lucky Blade
On every eighth Blade Hit, an additional bonus is assigned at random:
Increases Throw Speed by 8% for 8 seconds
(new effect)
.
Gain 3% Haste for 3 seconds.
Gain an additional Style Point.
Trick Blades
Blades can ricochet off the environment once.
On every eighth Blade Hit after a ricochet, an additional bonus is assigned at random:
(new effect)
Increases Laceration by 100%.
Reveal Survivor auras within 12 meters for 4.4 seconds.
Gain an additional Style Point.
Cut Thru U Single
When reaching A-Rank, Survivors within 32 meters are revealed with Killer Instinct for 4.4 seconds.
Iridescent Photo
Increases the duration of Main Event by 100%.
When Main Event is activated:
reveal your aura to all Survivors, all Survivors’ auras are revealed
, and block all Generators for 6 seconds
(updated Aura reveal effect to be symmetrical).
The First
Charge Vine Attack Ready sounds playing slightly in advance for Survivors has been reverted.
The Ghoul
Removed the automatic hit detection that occurs at the end of a Kagune Leap vault when a Survivor attempts to vault back toward the Killer. The Killer can no longer automatically damage Survivors.
The Ghost Face
Technical improvement on the Killer's reveal system.
Survivors can now reveal Ghost Face more accurately while he is within 18 meters of their location.
The Wraith Add-ons
"The Serpent" - Soot
While Cloaked, uncloak whenever you basic-break Pallets or Breakable Walls,
explode or damage Generators
(previously included "Generator Damage" events only)
.
Note: updated the add-on's behavior to be more consistent across all existing Generator Damage and Generator Explosion effects that can trigger while The Wraith is cloaked.
Survivor Perk Updates
Low Profile
When al
l other Survivors are downed or hooked
, for 70/80/90s:
(updated text in bold)
You make no Grunts of Pain.
You leave no Pools of Blood.
You leave no Scratch Marks.
Note: Reverted all previous changes and enabled multiple triggers per Trial. Updated text to more accurately convey previous usage of "last Survivor standing" the Perk's description.
Feature Updates
New Prestige Menu & Rewards System
Resident Evil Prestige Badges have been added.
The Prestige Badges for Vittorio Toscano, Nancy Wheeler, and Dustin Henderson have had an update
Fixed an issue where the incorrect Prestige Badges were displaying in the Reward track of some Survivors.
Bug Fixes
Fixed an issue where S Rank could expire during Main Event when playing as The Trickster.
Fixed an issue where The Trickster's Memento Blades add-on reticle did not disappear before the cooldown ends.
Fixed an issue where The Trickster's Trickshot combo action could be earned too easily in areas with no gaps.
Fixed an issue where The Trickster's reload speed time was not affected by Iron Maiden.
Fixed an issue where The Trickster's Chase Music would not return to default after unequipping either the Death Throes Compilation or the Edge of Revival Album add-ons.
Fixed an issue where generator auras were always blue when revealed by Boon: Illumination.
Fixed an issue where injured Survivor auras were not blue when revealed by Boon: Circle of Healing.
Fixed an issue where Survivors went beyond the exit threshold when crossing the threshold while being shocked by The Doctor.
Fixed an issue where the Anti-Camp meter appeared full when another Survivor was hooked.
Fixed an issue where Survivors saw red generator auras when creating a Beam of Light with a Map.
Fixed an issue where the red arrow indicator was missing when targeting a generator with Turn Back The Clock.
Fixed an issue where Self-Preservation activated when the perk owner was hooked.
Fixed an issue where the auras of Blocked Windows was missing before Hex: Crowd Control activated.
Fixed an issue where The Pig could see Jigsaw Box auras.
Fixed an issue where The Mastermind's charge remained active without player input when quickly double tapping the power button.
Fixed an issue where The Mastermind's Virulent Bound charge ability did not allow him to slide off assets.
Fixed an issue where The Mastermind could Virulent Bound off obstacles under high latency.
Fixed an issue where the Lock (when playing against The Dredge) and Hide locker interactions has the same prompt.
Fixed an issue in Trickster's Delusion where collisions are added next to a table in the Nightclub section
Fixed an issue in Trickster's Delusion where character would spawn of the map or on top of assets
Fixed an issue in Trickster's Delusion where the crates with records didn't have collisions
Fixed an issue in Trickster's Delusion where the neon signage connected to generators was inconsistent
Fixed an issue in Trickster's Delusion where boxes around the market had collisions that were not aligned to the asset
