# 9.0.2 | Bugfix Patch - BHVR
Source: https://forums.bhvr.com/dead-by-daylight/kb/articles/512 (consulté le 27/09/2026)

Content
The Animatronic Add-Ons
Security Guard’s Badge
Decreased effect to 25%
(was 50%)
Streamers
Decreased effect to 15%
(was 20%)
Party Hat
Increased duration to -20%
(was -50%)
Bonnie’s Guitar Strings
Decreased undetectable duration to -100%
(was -50%)
Foxy’s Hook
Increased duration to 6 seconds
(was 3s)
Endo CPU
Increased break speeds to 40%
(was 25%)
Bug Fixes
Anniversary Event
The Dark Lord can no longer see Invitation Orbs of Survivors while in Bat form.
The VFX of the ''Endure any Stun'' Ability no longer triggers when the Killer is stunned by Decisive Strike.
Fixed an issue that caused the remote hook SFX to remains active when the killer holds the ability then looks away from a hook.
Audio
Fixed an issue that caused The Ghoul to be missing their grunts at the start of the Trial when using the Legendary Outfit Rize Kamishiro.
Fixed an issue where the male and female breathing SFX played simultaneously when switching from The Legion's Subliminal Menace (Frank) customization to any female Legion customization.
Bots
Fixed an issue that caused Survivor Bots to be unable to rotate their camera vertically.
Fixed an issue that caused Survivor Bots to stay stuck trying to reveal the Animatronic when below or over the Security Door.
Characters
Fixed an issue that caused the Survivor's left arm pointing emote to not animate properly.
The Nightmare's Dream Pallets now consistently play the rupturing animation in the POV of Survivors.
The Artist's Dire crow acceleration speed is now consistent when fired at different angles.
The Artist's Dire crow projectiles no longer miss moving survivors.
The Artist's Dire crows now correctly reduce a health state on a survivor with a swarm, instead of triggering killer instinct.
The Artist no longer jitters when pressing the Power Button twice in quick succession.
Pressing M2 multiple times as The Artist no longer causes stuttering for the killer's power.
The Ghoul can no longer use another "Kagune Leap" after being pallet stunned while performing a "grab-attack".
Survivors are no longer temporarily stuck in an animation while dropping a pallet during The Ghoul's grab-attack.
Fixed an issue where The Ghoul's Enraged Mode bonus cooldown was not applied to any actions.
Fixed an issue where occasionally The Ghoul's camera POV moved rapidly and aggressively when grabbing Survivors with the power.
The Nurse no longer stutters when blinks are cancelled by the Server.
Fixed an issue where The Legion did not lose equipped add-ons after a match.
Fixed an issue where The Xenomorph was invisible during the idle animation with the Deep Sea outfit equipped on low graphic settings.
The Animatronic
Security Door enter animation/audio now plays for the Killer when a Survivor enters a security door, regardless of Killer's facing direction.
The Animatronic's Oblivious and Broken Icons now appear when spectating a Survivor affected by the "Office Phone" add-on.
The Animatronic's Axe Grab power icon no longer stays dim and transparent while in range as the Spectator.
The Killer can now perform the "Grab Axe" animation when affected Survivors drop their equipped item
The Animatronic's "Camera disabled" text no longer stays after Security Camera is enabled.
Environment/Maps
Fixed an issue to prevent Survivors being able to stand on the  bench and chandelier in the Father Campbell's Chapel map
Fixed an issue in The Macmillan Estate Realm where an invisible collision around the shack prevented players navigation
Fixed an issue in The Suffocation Pit map where The Knight's guard would have issue navigating a ramp
Fixed an issue in Treatment Theatre where The Knight's guard would have issues vaulting windows
Fixed an issue in The Macmillan Estate Realm where a placeholder tile would spawn in the maps
Fixed issues in The Underground Complex where The Nightmare could not launch its powers through some walls
Fixed an issue in Haddonfield where The Animatronic could not interrupt a survivor when interacting with the security room door
Perks
Fixed an issue that caused the wrong percentage to be shown in Up The Ante's description.
Platforms
Fixed an issue that caused Steam player to be stuck on the Initialisation screen when joining a match
Quests
Fixed an issue that caused Rift Pass / Week6 / Be Chased FOR 200 SECONDS to be unable to complete
Fixed an issue that caused Challenge 'I want it, I got it' in Tome 15 to be unable to complete.
Known Issues
The Chase music is missing from the Survivor POV when being chased by Victor. The previous fix done for the Chapter 9.0.1 Hot Fix 1 release has been reverted whilst this issue is being addressed.
The Animatronic can be blinded during the Security Room interrupt grab.
