# 9.5.1 | Bugfix Patch - BHVR
Source: https://forums.bhvr.com/dead-by-daylight/kb/articles/539 (consulté le 27/09/2026)

Gameplay Features
Killer Update - The Trickster
Laceration Meter decay now paused while The Trickster is in S-Rank
(previously decayed normally at all times)
.
Includes Laceration Stacks applied before The Trickster achieves S-Rank, and those received while in S-Rank.
Power description updated.
Blood Moon begins March 26
th
!
Perk Support
Most Perks for Survivors and Killers are supported on Blood Generators
A new marker is displayed on top of perks that are not supported on Blood Generators.
Killer Power Support
All Killer Powers are supported on Blood Generators
Blood Can Changes
Blood Cans now be held with both a Regular Item and a Killer Item at the same time
Functionality of item use is not affected when holding a Blood Can
Score Event Change
Score Event for completing a Blood Generator is shared among all Survivors
Bug Fixes
Audio
Fixed an issue where the voice lines are missing when closing a Chest with the Perk "Human Greed" as Trickster with the Mina Customization.
Fixed an issue where the SFX of a fully infected Survivor remained after a disconnection during a Custom Game.
Characters
Fixed an issue where an incorrect animation would play while performing the fill action as male Survivors.
Fixed an issue where, as The Mastermind, performing the Mori animation on a female Survivor caused the camera not to play properly.
Fixed an issue where, during a Trial against The Hillbilly, Survivors carried by the Killer would remain static from the Survivor’s POV if the Killer hit an asset with a Basic Attack.
Fixed an issue where The First’s arm textures would stretch while performing the Pallet Break action.
Fixed an issue where The First was able to use "Traverse Upside Down" ability at the Start of the Trial.
Fixed an issue where Survivors' aura was shown in the default Red color with The First's Iridescent Soteria Chip add-on equipped.
Fixed an issue where, when equipped with a T-shirt, Taurie Cain could be seen bending unnaturally while repairing a generator.
Fixed an issue where, as The Knight, when using the Vanquished Destroyer (Deep Rift) outfit, kicking a generator caused the leg to not be visible.
Fixed an issue where The Knight did not have Highlight Aura for guard orders on Pallets.
Fixed an issue where Survivor Maggie Rhee had a green tint around her armpit when hooked.
Fixed an issue where The Ghost Face briefly stopped Stalking when activating Night Shroud near cover.
Fixed an issue where The Demogorgon's Aura could be seen while using Traverse Upside Down.
Fixed an issue where The Demogorgon did not have Highlights for portals when able to Traverse.
Fixed an issue where The Nurse had a small hitch/lag at the end of a Blink when the User experienced lag.
Fixed an issue where The Animatronic looked straight up after performing a mori.
Fixed an issue where The Trickster Combo Meter kept decaying when Grabbing a Survivor from an interrupt.
Fixed an issue where The Trickster's Style Rank stopped decaying after breaking 2 Pallets or 2 Breakable Walls.
Fixed an issue where The Trickster gained the score event "Thread the needle" when hitting Survivors with Showstopper inside of a Fog vial.
Fixed an issue where The Skull Merchant's Drones had incorrect Killer Object and Highlight Auras.
Fixed an issue where The Lich's Special items could be swapped with Survivors items and were unusable.
Environment/Maps
Fixed an issue where an invisible collision was blocking projectiles through an opening in Midwich Primary School, by changing the collision of the concrete wall.
Fixed an issue where rocks would be floating in the main menu.
Fixed an issue causing the floor to be missing in the Online Lobby.
Fixed an issue in Family Residence map where the Knight's guard would get stuck on collisions around the hill.
Fixed an issue in Eyrie of Crows map where projectiles were blocked on parts of the railing on the second floor of the main structure.
Fixed an issue in Trickster's Delusion where the Nurse would be blinded with a black screen when blinking in the map.
Fixed an issue in Pale Rose where traps are seen floating in an opening in the floor of the main structure.
Fixed an issue in Garden of Joy where survivors could not interact properly in the main structure.
Fixed an issue in Freddy Fazbear's Pizza where projectiles were blocked on the railings around the basement in the main structure.
Fixed an issue in Treatment Theater where a hook get stuck in assets.
Fixed an issue in Ironworks of Misery where totems could spawn very close to each others in the main structure.
Perks
Fixed an issue where We're Gonna Live Forever's healing buff persisted onto the Injured State when using med-kits.
Fixed an issue where The Doctor's Illusionary Pallets became permanent when spawned where a Fragile Pallet is being crafted with Apocalyptic Ingenuity.
Fixed an issue where the Obsession changed to another Survivor when Dramaturgy gave a key with the Wedding Ring Key add-on to the Obsession.
Fixed an issue where Clean Break's icon never highlighted when activated.
Fixed an issue where Red Herring remained active on the same Generator when repairing a Generator twice before entering a Locker.
Fixed an issue where Hex: Crowd Control's icon was put back in the regular disabled state when the related Hex Totem was cleansed.
Fixed an issue where Five Moves Ahead's icon remained lit while in cooldown.
Fixed an issue where Five Moves Ahead was unable to activate after stunning the Killer equipped with Nemesis.
Fixed an issue where Five Moves Ahead remained activated without going on Cooldown while dropping a Pallet inside The Unknown's transferred terror radius with the Iridescent OSS Report add-on.
Fixed an issue where the External Perk Icon for A Place For Us disappeared before the Elusive Status Effect ended.
Fixed an issue where Survivors' auras were briefly visible when performing a healing action in the radius of A Nurse's Calling with in combination with A Place for Us.
Fixed an issue where the Bamboozle's icon was missing a duration timer.
Fixed an issue where blocked Generators from Corrupt Intervention did not have users' selected aura color.
Fixed an issue where blocked Generators from Deadlock did not have users' selected aura color.
Quests
Fixed an issue where Survivor Milestone Quests displayed incorrect repetitions.
Fixed an issue where Milestone Quests could not earn progress due to incorrect parameters.
UI
Fixed an issue where text was overlapping in the Player Level Tooltip.
Fixed an issue where the reduced value tooltip was missing for the Potential Energy perk.
Fixed prestige rewards that could remain on screen and overlap other rewards selected afterward.
Fixed bonus blood point showing a bigger total multiplier by including the base 1x value in every multiplier.
Fixed preset in character customization that could not be renamed.
Fixed an issue where Trickster's S-rank UI sometimes blinked and remained after S-rank had ended.
Fixed an issue where Survivor Portraits were inconsistent when showing the Survivor interaction while facing The Lich.
Known Issues
It is possible for The Mastermind to become stuck in place when missing a Virulent Bound with 2 charges left.
