# 9.3.2 | Bugfix Patch - BHVR
Source: https://forums.bhvr.com/dead-by-daylight/kb/articles/530 (consulté le 27/09/2026)

Important
The Breakdown and Wicked perks have been re-enabled.
Content
Killer Updates
The Skull Merchant
Increased the Undetectable duration to 8 seconds
(was 6).
Decoupled the Undetectable status effect from Deploying a Drone.
Gain Undetectable when Recalling a Drone instead.
Survivor Perk Updates
Breakdown:
Any time you are removed from a hook (escaped or saved), the hook breaks and the Killer's aura is shown to you for 4/5/6 seconds. A hook broken by this perk takes 180 seconds to respawn
(Reverted to this version).
Wicked:
Your self-unhook attempts in the basement always succeed.
When you are unhooked or unhook yourself, you see the Killer's aura for 16/18/20 seconds
(Reverted to this version).
Archives and Events
The "Bone Chill" event returns Tuesday, December 9th at 11:00 AM Eastern.
Environment / Maps
Pallet Density Changes
Evaluated and adjusted pallet loops on Autohaven Wreckers, Backwater Swamp, Crotus Prenn Asylum, The MacMillan Estate, Ormond, Red Forest, and Yamaoka Estate. These changes include:
Adjusted the length of loops that were too short and unsafe.
Prevented pallets from spawning against certain small objects, creating short and awkward loops.
Reviewed pallet randomization on certain tiles to provide more spawn variation.
Dev note: We've done another pass on pallet tiles and loops in order to find a middle ground between the last two updates. We will be closely monitoring the impact of these changes as we collect data and continue to adjust to find a sweet spot that feels great for both roles!
Bug Fixes
Audio
Fixed an issue where The Deathslinger's power emitted static SFX from the Survivor POV.
Fixed an issue where the chainsaw SFX of The Cannibal could be heard globally throughout the map.
Fixed an issue where a sound alert played when The Knight's Guard Summon path creation reached 75% instead of 85%.
Fixed an issue where Vittorio Toscano's "Geralt of Rivia" outfit's chase start voiceover could be triggered at the same time as The Animatronic performed an axe grab.
Fixed an issue where The Unknown's voiceover layers were desynchronized.
Fixed an issue where entering and exiting the game credits replaced the Killer or Survivor music.
Fixed an issue where players emitted no sounds after quitting a Trail through the Match Details menu.
Characters
Fixed an issue where multiple characters had bright white hair when standing close to some light sources.
Fixed an issue where some Survivors' animations did not play correctly when infected by The Plague's Vile Purge.
Fixed an issue where The Deathslinger wouldn't display a rifle aiming animation from the Survivor POV.
Fixed an issue where Trevor Belmont's "Richter Belmont" Legendary outfit would not play its idle animation properly.
Fixed an issue where The Animatronic would not smile when getting ready to throw an axe.
Fixed an issue where The Animatronic's axe was briefly misaligned when hitting an unhooked Survivor.
Fixed an issue where the Security Camera HUD could appear when another player used a Security Camera when playing against The Animatronic.
Fixed an issue where The Animatronic's axe could trigger multiple score events when it passed near a Survivor.
Fixed an issue where The Animatronic's Reclaim Axe action became available too quickly when the axe was embedded in a Survivor.
Fixed an issue where The Animatronic could not hook a Survivor after grabbing them at the Exit Gate.
Fixed an issue where Jane Romero's "Home at Last" outfit did not have physics.
Fixed an issue where the sleeve of The Doctor’s "Fire Moon Doctor" outfit would stretch at the end of the Static Blast animation.
Fixed an issue where Nea Karlsson's tank top would warp while interacting with objects.
Fixed an issue where The Houndmaster's dog could get stuck after being sent to vault a window or pallet.
Fixed an issue where The Houndmaster's dog had a weaker pull when grabbing onto a Survivor if their game was running at a lower FPS.
Fixed an issue where the Survivor's animation would break when being pulled by The Houndmaster's dog.
Fixed an issue where The Dark Lord had two capes during his Mori preview.
Fixed an issue where The Knight could fall out of world when being stunned by a pallet immediately after summoning a Guard.
Fixed an issue where The Knight's Guards would not display their generator break animation when the Entity spikes start appearing.
Fixed an issue where Entity spikes were missing on the fourth generator break when using The Knight's Guards to damage a generator.
Fixed an issue where there was input delay when The Knight ordered a Guard to destroy a nearby wall or pallet.
Fixed an issue where Survivor could become invisible to spectators in Custom Game when switching the view to a Survivor while The Knight was ending a patrol path.
Fixed an issue where Victor was invisible during The Twins' Mori when Victor's return was on cooldown.
Fixed an issue where The Skull Merchant's Adaptive Lighting add-on did not increase the Undetectable status effect.
Fixed an issue where The Huntress could hit two Survivors at once with a hatchet.
Fixed an issue where Survivors were not revealed by Killer Instinct during The Legion's Feral Frenzy when in a transferred Terror Radius.
Fixed an issue where The Spirit's hands took up more space on-screen when the FOV setting was at 87.
Environment / Maps
Fixed an issue in the Forgotten Ruins map where The Nurse could Blink out of bounds near the astronomy room.
Fixed an issue in the Ironworks Of Misery map where characters couldn't navigate between a wooden spool and rock.
Fixed an issue in the Coal Tower map where the Nurse could Blink onto the ledge of the building and navigate through collisions.
Fixed an issue in The MacMillan Estate Realm where a generator could not be interacted with on one side.
Fixed an issue in the Dead Dawg Saloon map where The Ghoul would incorrectly bounce off certain objects.
Fixed an issue in The MacMillan Estate Realm where a character could spawn inside a rock.
Fixed an issue in the Gas Heaven map where purple placeholder objects were visible during Moris.
Fixed an issue in the Midwich Elementary School map where the Survivor's camera would become misaligned after being hit by one of The Knight's Guards in the courtyard.
Fixed an issue in the Mount Ormond Resort map where The Knight's camera could be misplaced when summoning a Guard on the chalet stairs.
Fixed an issue in the Toba Landing map where a collision with a small tree would interrupt The Hillbilly's Chainsaw Sprint.
Fixed an issue in the Dead Dawg Saloon map where Survivors could not vault off a balcony.
Fixed an issue in the Mount Ormond Resort map where a placeholder tile would appear.
Fixed an issue in the Garden of Joy map where The Knight's Guards could not navigate properly around a door of the shack.
Fixed an issue in the Family Residence map where players could land on top of certain objects.
Fixed an issue in the Garden of Joy map where the salt circle would not appear in the basement when using an Invocation perk.
Fixed an issue in the Nostromo Wreckage map where Survivors' bodies would clip out of a locker when entering.
Fixed an issue in the Yamaoka Estate Realm where The Twins' Victor could navigate under the small shrine structure.
Fixed an issue in The Underground Complex map where only one Dream Pallet would appear for The Nightmare.
Fixed an issue in the Azarov's Resting Place map where generator flood lights clipped through a building roof.
Fixed an issue in the Greenville Square map where Survivors could get stuck next to a hook in the theater.
Fixed an issue in the Grim Pantry map where collision on a wall was missing.
Fixed an issue in the Azarov's Resting Place map where a generator could not be kicked on one side.
Perks
Fixed an issue where there could be multiple Obsessions in a Trial when using perks that change the Obsession.
Platforms
Fixed an issue where players on the same platform couldn't add each other as friends.
Fixed an issue on PlayStation 5 where DualSense vibration was missing when haptic feedback was turned on.
Fixed an issue on Xbox where the game could soft lock when trying to start the Survivor Tutorial before installation has fully completed.
Fixed an issue on Xbox where the user would not be added to a session when joining or accepting a game invite while the game was in a suspended state.
Quests
Fixed an issue where unlocking chest challenges wouldn't progress when using a Key item.
Fixed an issue where the dates shown on quests would be displayed incorrectly.
Fixed an issue where healing quests earned progress from recovery while in the Dying State.
UI
Fixed an issue where The Animatronic's axe icon was missing when a Survivor had the axe embedded in them.
Fixed an issue where the healing icon stopped progressing when healing a Survivor from the Dying State.
Miscellaneous
Fixed an issue where Flashbangs and Firecrackers did not blind players when used too close to an object.
Fixed an issue where the AFK Crows would not dissolve properly when disappearing.
