# 9.4.1 | Bugfix Patch - BHVR
Source: https://forums.bhvr.com/dead-by-daylight/kb/articles/535 (consulté le 27/09/2026)

Bug Fixes
Audio
Fixed an issue where Survivors scream at the beginning of the Trial when the Smashed Cassette Deck Add-on is equipped.
Fixed an issue where Dustin voice line and subtitles were unable to be properly timed together.
Fixed an issue where Dustin, Eddie and Jonathan Byer screams are missing after being sent to the Cage of Atonement.
Fixed an issue where the scream SFX is missing during The Xenomorph's Mori.
Added a Curse hit feedback stinger in The First's Default Mode.
Bot Improvements
Fixed an issue causing Survivor Bots to be difficult to heal when under the radius of a Drone.
Characters
Tentatively fixed an issue where The Deathslinger did not appear to be aiming with his rifle from the Survivor's point of view.
Fixed an issue where the Animatronic Yellow Rabbit outfit would cause clipping when interrupting a Survivor during a vault animation.
Fixed an issue where the Animatronic's left arm was missing when opening a locker with a Survivor hiding inside.
Fixed an issue where the bottom of the map was visible when The Onryō teleported to a TV.
Fixed an issue where Ada Wong's eyes would bulge out while idle.
Fixed an issue where Survivors would briefly swap to the downed animation during the hooking animation.
Fixed an issue where Survivors were misaligned inside lockers when being picked up by The Dredge with the Fear of Reminiscence outfit.
Fixed an issue where The Legion's Killer Instinct did not retrigger on Mended Survivors.
Fixed an issue where The Ghoul could injure Survivors with the Kagune Leap when performed near a vault or close by.
Fixed an issue where sometimes The First could use the Traverse Upside Down ability at the start of the trial.
Fixed an issue where the outer ring of The First's Vine Attack's aiming reticule would stay the same color for the duration of the Trial.
Fixed an issue where the aura of The First's tentacle did not always appear during a portal blast.
Fixed an issue where the The First's World Breaker Skybox VFX was removed for a Survivor during Mori, Sacrifice, or entering hook stage 2 animations.
Fixed an issue where The First's World Breaker Phase 2 timer did not pause when the Killer was carrying a Survivor.
Fixed an issue where The First's Vine attack indicator remained visible in areas with no collision.
Fixed an issue where Survivors would jitter when being picked up by The First.
Fixed an issue where The First's camera could be locked looking down when canceling the break interaction as the Clock runs out.
Environment / Maps
Fixed an issue in the Underground Complex where the Survivor could see through the ventilation ducts: a collision has been added to the fan to prevent the camera from entering it.
Perks
Fixed an issue where Turn Back the Clock could be used while being deactivated after using The Twins or The Knights power as the activation timer expired.
Fixed an issue where Snug prevented The Houndmaster from using Turn Back The Clock while in front of a generator.
Fixed an issue where The Xenomorph could use Turn Back The Clock in tunnels.
Fixed an issue where The Trapper was unable to trigger Bear Traps during Turn Back the Clock.
Fixed an issue where the indicator arrow remained displayed when the Killer used their Killer Power while Turn Back The Clock was active.
Fixed an issue where The Skull Merchant's radar briefly became invisible when activating Turn Back The Clock.
Fixed an issue where the Cancel prompt was visible during the Turn Back The Clock interaction.
Fixed an issue where the unhooking animation was misaligned when using Shoulder The Burden.
Fixed an issue where generators did not automatically complete when Invocation: Weaving Spiders was applied on a generator nearly completed with the Brand New Part Toolbox add-on.
Fixed an issue where a generator could be permanently blocked by Secret Project.
Fixed an issue where traps from Bada Bada Boom and Chemical Trap became invisible when The Dark Lord changed to Bat Form while the trap was being placed.
Fixed an issue where Extrasensory Perception could be activated while being healed by another Survivor.
Fixed an issue where the Oblivious status effect of Weave Attunement only targeted the first Survivor to trigger the perk.
Fixed an issue where We See You continued to gain tokens when the Survivor was hooked.
Fixed an issue where Built to Last would continue to charge up and reduce the Medkit charge from Change of Plan.
Fixed an issue where Special Killer Items could be swapped to a Medkit with Change of Plan.
Fixed an issue where Survivors were able to swap items outside a locker with Change of Plan after getting grabbed from one by a Killer.
Fixed an issue where the first Skill Check of Merciless Storm was affected by Teamwork: Full Circuit.
Fixed an issue where Hardened did not trigger when The First used a vine attack.
Fixed an issue where aura could remain indefinitely on a survivor who used Bardic Inspiration.
Misc
Fixed an issue where blocked generator auras were red instead of white.
