# 8.6.2 | Bugfix Patch - BHVR
Source: https://forums.bhvr.com/dead-by-daylight/kb/articles/502 (consulté le 28/09/2026)


Content
The Ghoul
Reduced Tentacle range from 
16 meters
 to 
14 meters
.
Reduced Enraged mode time from 
45 seconds
 to 
40 seconds
.
Reduced Enraged bonus time when performing a perfectly timed grab-attack from 
15 seconds
 to 
10 seconds.
Reduced Reticle Stickiness Time effect on targeted Survivor from 
0.3 seconds
 to 
0.18 seconds.
Reduced Reticle aiming on Survivor detection for grab-attack by 
94%
.
Reduced Grab-attacks Damage minimum distance requirement to activate over obstacles by 
-30%
.
After breaking a pallet, if the Killer Power is not in cooldown, Power goes into a forced cooldown equal to a single Leap usage.
Add-on Fresh Coffee: Changed rarity from Common to Very Rare.
Add-on Hinami's Umbrella: Reworked Effect - Performing a perfectly timed grab-attack award an extra 
+10.0 seconds
 of Enraged bonus time and changed rarity from Very Rare to Uncommon.
Add-on Blood stained Handkerchief: Reduced Kagune's reach from 
2 meters
 to 
1 meter
.
Add-on Taiyaki: Reduced the Enraged Mode countdown from 
15 seconds
 to 
5 seconds
 and changed rarity from Uncommon to Common.
Add-on Yamori's Mask: Added the activation requirement of "all Survivors further than 40m".
New Killer: Perk Changes
None are Free:
When you hook a Survivor for the first time, gain 1 token, up to 4.
When all generators are completed, for each token, all windows and upright pallets are blocked for 
12/14/16 seconds.
Removed the blocked "
for everyone
" clause.
Bug Fixes
Archives
Fixed an issue where the "Grenade Launcher" Killer master challenge could not be completed.
Fixed an issue where the text reward appeared in Rift 1 instead of Tome 22 preview's page.
Blood Moon
The Blood Can no longer clips into the ground when crouching.
Bloodpoints given when filling a Blood Can
no longer exceed the cap.
The SFX of filling a Blood Can interaction no longer lingers when grabbed by the Killer.
Fixed an issue where players were not receiving objective points when only interacting with Fuel Generators.
Fixed multiple map issues related to the Fuel Pump.
Characters
The animation of Victor now plays correctly when opening a Locker with a Survivor in it.
The Ghoul
The QTE prompt no longer stays indefinitely while spectating the Killer in Custom Games.
Spectators can now see the Fail or Success state of The Ghoul’s Grab attack.
The camera and Killer movement are no longer restricted after dropping a pallet on the Killer when they attempt to perform a grab-attack.
The Kagune Mark Reticle now appears consistently in the Survivor perspective when aiming across a Pallet or Window.
The Ghoul's tentacle leap animation now plays correctly after doing the second leap on a Survivor behind an obstacle.
The Ghoul can no longer basic attack a Survivor in quick succession during the third Kagune Leap cooldown.
Environment/Maps
Fixed an issue in Forgotten Ruins where hooks were spawning close to each other in the Dungeons.
Fixed an issue in Lery's Memorial Institute where the Punishment Of The Damned could not travel through walls.
Perks
Fixed an issue where Balanced Landing's reduced stagger and grunt effects were still being applied after becoming Exhausted.
UI
Fixed a crash in the Tally Scoreboard when docking or undocking the Switch.
Fixed an issue which shows the wrong Killer name when switching characters during queuing in a Killer's lobby.
Fixed an issue where empty offering slots were shown as a hidden offering.
Fixed an issue where the wrong icon was displayed for Zarina's Murder Mill torso cosmetic.
Misc
Fixed an issue where Killer could load into a match with unowned cosmetics when viewing the mori preview with the selected cosmetic.
Fixed an issue where retired Offerings were not showing in player's inventory.
Known Issues
Survivors will still make a grunt when using Balanced Landing and performing a fast falling vault.

