# 9.4.2 | Bugfix Patch - BHVR
Source: https://forums.bhvr.com/dead-by-daylight/kb/articles/536 (consulté le 27/09/2026)

2v8
The 2v8 event returns Tuesday, February 10th at 11:00 AM Eastern.
NEW KILLER
The Good Guy - Innate Skills:
Slice & Dice turn speed increased by
10%
.
Increased Hidey-Ho Mode uptime by
15%
.
Performing a Scamper under a pallet breaks it immediately.
The Good Guy can see Illusionary Footfalls around Survivors.
Increased Slice & Dice attack duration by
50%
.
KILLER UPDATE
The Nemesis:
Added 2 additional Zombies for a total of
4
.
Increased Zombie movement speed by
35%
.
KILLER CLASS UPDATES
Brute - Team Skill:
Break action speed increased by
25%
.
Kicking a Generator causes it to weaken and begin regressing.
The aura of the kicked generator will appear in yellow to the Brute.
The next time a Survivor interacts with the Generator and repairs it past its regression point, it explodes triggering a loud noise notification and sprays the Survivor with smoke. The Survivor suffers from the
Hindered
status effect for
12 seconds
.
The aura of the generator returns to red after the effect occurs.
Cooldown for
60 seconds
where break action speed bonus is not applied.
Fearmonger - Team Skill:
Gain
5%
Haste
when unseen.
Injuring a Survivor by any means causes up to
2
Survivors within
12 meters
of the injured Survivor to scream, revealing their aura to your teammate for
2 seconds
.
Cooldown for
60 seconds
where
Haste
bonus is not applied.
Enforcer - Team Skill:
Gain
3% Haste
when chasing an injured Survivor.
When you hit a Survivor, the Survivor receives the Enforcer’s Mark, which is visible to both you and your teammate.
Survivors with Enforcer’s Mark applied have their aura revealed for
1 second
every
8 seconds
while marked for
45 seconds
. Downing the Survivor consumes the mark and increases the Enforcer's lunge attack distance by
60%
for
15 seconds
.
60 second
cooldown where the
Haste
bonus is not applied.
NEW SURVIVOR CLASS: TORCHBEARER
Class Skill:
Starts with Flashlight of uncommon rarity.
Class Skill charges over
60 seconds
, granting a Flash Grenade when fully charged.
Behaves like an ability; does not take up any item slot.
Press the Active Ability button 2 to activate the Flash Grenade.
Cooldown
60s
.
Info Skill:
Survivors in chase have their aura revealed to you within
32 meters
.
Point a Flashlight at a Killer for
0.5 seconds
to reveal them for
2 seconds
.
Unlockable Skill:
Grant
Endurance
to Survivors you pick up from the Dying State. Injured Survivors that unhook you gain
Endurance
.
SURVIVOR CLASS UPDATE
Scout – Unlockable Skill:
Increase your walking speed by
25%
and make no grunts of pain while injured.
Grants immunity to screaming.
NEW MAPS
Groaning Storehouse
Rotten Field
FEATURES
Tonics:
Herb gameplay returns in the form of tonics! They can be found in locations where you would normally find totems and are scattered  throughout the map.
There are two types of tonics that have different effects for Survivor and Killers:
Diluted Tonic:
Survivor:
Restores a health state on use.
Killer:
Increases
Haste
by
10%
for
20 seconds
.
Purified Tonic:
Survivor
: Restores a hook state on use.
Killer
: Grants a
10% Haste
bonus to both Killers for
20 seconds
.
Dual Terror Radius:
We have updated the Terror Radius to reflect both Killers in range, adjusting the audio tracks for each Killer as they get closer to or further from Survivors.
The Visual Terror Radius indicator from the Accessibility settings has also been updated to show both Killers when in range, including Lullabies and regular Terror Radii.
Cooperative Healing:
Increased the number of Survivors able to simultaneously heal one another to 3
(was 2)
.
Content
Increased the probability of Steve Harrington to use the original Scared Scream audio (Steagull) to 10%.
Bug Fixes
Audio
Fixed an issue where performing a Mori with any Killer triggers the voice line of 2 specific Killers during 2V8.
Characters
Fixed an issue where The First was unable to perform the Traverse Upside Down Killer Power after hooking a Survivor.
Fixed an issue where the outer ring of The First's Vine attack aiming reticle stayed the same color for the duration of the Trial.
Fixed an issue where The First's Vine attack animation will not play when done right after cancelling a non-fully charged vine attack.
Fixed an issue where The Houndmaster's Commands were temporarily unavailable for a few seconds after dropping from a high elevation.
Fixed an issue where The Ghoul's Kagune Leap remained active when pressing the vault prompt immediately after vaulting with Kagune Leap.
Fixed an issue where The Ghoul walked at regular speed while holding the power when quickly missing a Kagune Leap after a successful one.
Fixed an issue where The Ghoul could attack downed Survivors when using Kagune Leap near vault points.
Fixed an issue where The Ghoul's vault attack animation did not play if The Ghoul moved forward after vaulting a window.
Fixed an issue where The Skull Merchant's Drone clipped inside her when Deploying a Drone.
Fixed an issue where sometimes The Dredge's Reign of Darkness ability did not show locker auras, blocking The Dredge from teleporting.
Fixed an issue where The Mastermind’s Virulent Bond could injure Survivors near pallets that were farther away than intended.
Fixed an issue where The Legion would clip inside the Pallet when vaulting while in Feral Frenzy.
Fixed an issue where The Pig could damage Survivors from the other side of a Jigsaw Box.
Fixed an issue where terrain was visible when The Xenomorph exited a specific Control Station in several maps.
Fixed an issue where assets and Survivors would appear invisible momentarily when The Xenomorph exited a Tunnel.
Fixed an issue where Nancy’s facial likeness did not fully match the actress. Her appearance has now been updated to better reflect the actress.
Fixed an issue where the server would sometimes correct positions after The Nurse blinks.
Environment/Maps
Fixed an issue in MacMillan's Estate where coming out of a locker shows the character bouncing out.
Fixed an issue in all realms where Killers can hit Survivors through fire barrels.
Fixed an issue in Raccoon City Police Station where a chest is hard to interact with.
Fixed an issue in Grim Pantry where the device of Bada Bada Boom is misaligned with a vault.
Fixed an issue in Dead Dawg Saloon where The First's power, Focus Ground, can be placed on top of a structure.
Perks
Small text clarification: Turn Back The Clock now mentions that you can only target generators "you can see" within distance.
Fixed an issue where the external perk icon disappeared when a Survivor with either Teamwork: Full Circuit and/or Teamwork: Soft Spoken stopped repairing a generator while another Survivor still had the perk(s) active.
Fixed an issue where Killers kept the Undetectable status effect from Trail of Torment if the generator became blocked by any means.
Fixed an issue where The Mastermind could be affected by the effects of Hex: The Third Seal after using vault attacks or attacks on Survivors with the Endurance status.
