# 8.7.1 | Bugfix Patch - BHVR
Source: https://forums.bhvr.com/dead-by-daylight/kb/articles/506 (consulté le 28/09/2026)


Content
The Nemesis Killer has been re-enabled.
Quests & Events
Game Mode: 2V8 returns May 15 at 11:00am Eastern.
This iteration introduces The Ghost Face and The Oni into the fray.
Game Mode: 2V8 features a set of limited time Quests to unlock The Ghost Face related customizations.
Bot improvements
Killer Bots have learned to sometimes take indirect paths to corner or to sneak up on Survivors.
Killer Bots are now more consistent at keeping the chase going around loops with tall walls.
Wraith Bot no longer becomes obsessed with a Zombie that body-blocked him.
Survivor Bots will look for another hatch when a Player Survivor is nearby.
Killer Bots no longer focus and attack a Survivor that has just been unhooked.
Bug Fixes
Audio
Fixed an issue that caused the Rift Pass progress bar to not have any audio if User has unlocked multiple tiers but has not purchased the premium track.
Fixed an issue that caused Killers with the ''Stridor'' Perk to not hear grunts of pain from recently unhooked Survivors with the ''Off the Record'' perk.
Fixed an issue that caused Orela's hook screams to sometimes be too loud or too low. A mix pass has been done on her hook screams.
Bots
Fixed an issue with Killer Bots being stuck at vaults locations when a Survivor is in the dying state behind the vault.
Fixed multiple issues with Killer Bots standing still for long periods of time.
Fixed issues with Killer Bots being unable to correctly pick up a Survivor.
Fixed an issue causing Killer Bots to repeatedly miss their basic attacks by standing a specific distance away from them.
Fixed multiple issues with Nurse Bot getting stuck using her power.
Characters
Fixed an issue that caused The Ghoul's tentacles to angle upwards during the Kagune leap.
Fixed an issue that caused the tentacles of The Ghoul's legendary outfit to clip into her shoulders during the Mori.
Fixed an issue that was allowing The Ghoul to lose the wrong number of Tokens when breaking a pallet and cooldown no longer resets when Power is in cooldown under a 2 or 3 Tokens timer.
Fixed an issue where the Become Enraged score event did not trigger when activating Enraged mode while The Ghoul is enraged or in cooldown.
Fixed an issue where The Ghoul's QTE could appear when the damage from a grab attack did not occur.
Fixed an issue where The Nurse's Blink charges were hidden by the Deadly Harvest outfit sleeve.
Fixed an issue that caused The Legion's legs to appear stationary during a Frenzy run in first-person view.
Fixed an issue where The Trickster could trigger the Main Event vignette without gaining the power.
Fixed an issue that caused the Demogorgon's screen to stay stuck in the black Traverse Upside Down screen when spamming the attack button during the teleport.
Fixed an issue where The Pig was unable to perform actions while a Reverse Bear Trap was being triggered.
Fixed an issue where The Nemesis' basic attack no longer worked with any M1 perk (Save The Best For Last, Play With Your Food, etc).
Fixed an issue where The Unknown's hallucinations were sometimes invisible/transparent.
Fixed an issue where The Singularity and The Lich's projectiles stuttered while traveling.
Fixed an issue that could cause attack delays with The Artist's Crows.
Fixed an issue where The Deathslinger's aim animation did not always play from Survivor POV.
Fixed an issue where The Doctor's Shock Therapy prevented Survivors from vaulting.
Fixed an issue where the incorrect portrait effect was displayed when affected by the Doctor's Tier II Madness for the second time.
Fixed an issue where several animations did not play when being out of line of sight when they were initiated.
Environment/Maps
Fixed an issue on Coldwind Farm where Killers could be blocked.
Fixed multiple issues with the Basements in all realms.
Fixed an issue in the 2v8 version of Wretched Shop where a pallet was floating.
Fixed an issue on Ormond Lake Mine where players would clip through the top of lockers when escaping them.
Fixed an issue on Mount Ormond Resort tile that had a visible seam on the basement floor of the main building.
Perks
Fixed an issue when Survivors with no hook states get the healing effect from Do No Harm after using Shoulder the Burden.
Fixed an issue where Survivors still made a grunt when falling when Balanced Landing was active.
Fixed an issue where the duration timer was not displayed in the HUD when using Reassurance.
Platforms
(Steam) Fixed an issue where resizing the window while the Killer is about to perform an action breaks the Tutorial flow.
Quests
Fixed an issue where perks for revealing Survivor auras give inconsistent amount of progress towards Quests.
UI
Fixed an issue in the lobby where the matchmaking text and icon could overlap in some languages.
Fixed a crash that would occur when transitioning to the Archives after opening the Credits.
Fixed an issue where selecting a challenge for a specific role would change the tab in the Compendium when using a controller.
Fixed an issue in the Rift where 2D item previews would reappear and overlap after selecting unbreakable outfits.
Miscellaneous
Fixed an issue that caused the End Game Collapse not to end when a Survivor held the Run/Rushed key/button while in a locker.

