# 8.7.2 | Bugfix Patch - BHVR
Source: https://forums.bhvr.com/dead-by-daylight/kb/articles/508 (consulté le 28/09/2026)


EDIT: Today, June 2, 2025, we deployed a small bugfix patch (8.7.2a) to address the following issue:
Characters
Fixed an issue that caused the hair of Sable's Sudden Shading and Vittorio's Geralt of Rivia head cosmetics to appear black or darker in various map lightings.
Please note: This update is currently available on PC and Xbox platforms. Nintendo Switch and PlayStation owners will receive this fix as part of the next title update. Crossplay will continue to function as normal.
Features
Abandon Option
Changed the match outcome for the following scenario to count as a loss for the Survivor (
was a draw
):
Survivor abandons the match while all remaining Survivors are in the Dying state.
Bug Fixes
2V8
Fixed an issue where loud noise notification bubbles were displayed to Killers when Survivors affected by the Silent Rush Bonus performed a rushed action.
Fixed an issue where Survivors had no struggle animation when interrupted by The Deathslinger's harpoon while another Survivor is applying the Vaccine or Spray to them.
Fixed an issue where The Oni did not lose charges from his power when downing a Survivor while in Blood Fury state.
Fixed an issue in the Wretched Shop (2v8) map, where tires appeared to be floating.
Fixed an issue in the Shelter Woods (2v8) map, where grass appeared to be floating.
Audio
Fixed an issue where the incorrect sound effects played when walking on some metal stairs in The Game map.
Fixed an issue where The Oni's cleaning weapon sound effects were out of sync with the animation.
Characters
Fixed an issue that caused Survivors to get stuck inside pallets when interrupted by The Ghoul's Kagune Leap attack.
Fixed an issue where The Ghoul could launch himself at a faster speed after using his second dash immediately after the first one.
Tentatively fixed an issue where Survivors were temporarily stuck in an animation while dropping a pallet during The Ghoul's grab-attack.
Fixed an issue where Survivors could be prevented from performing most interactions if The Ghoul was stunned at the same time as the Kagune Leap hit the Survivor.
Fixed an issue where The Demogorgon could become invisible after traversing through a Portal.
Fixed an issue that caused Killer Instinct to be missing when The Artist launched a crow through a locker with a Survivor hiding inside.
Fixed an issue that caused The Nemesis' Tentacle Strike to pass through certain walls and objects.
Environment/Maps
Fixed an issue in The Underground Complex map where a hook would spawn in front of a door.
Fixed an issue in the Azarov's Resting Place map where a character would clip through the top of lockers when exiting.
Fixed an issue in The Temple of Purgation map where characters would clip through the top of lockers when exiting.
Fixed an issue in the Father Campbell's Chapel map where Killers could land on top of a pallet.
Fixed an issue in the Dead Dawg Saloon map that caused flickering on the ground texture.
Fixed an issue in the Mount Ormond Resort map that caused a seam on the floor of the Main Building to appear.
Fixed an issue where the player was able to walk out of bounds through the Exit Gates while using a Gamepad.
Perks
Fixed an issue where the Entity blocker was not seen in the generator aura caused by Deja Vu.
Fixed an issue where Camaraderie could be reactivated by Survivors after it deactivated.
Quests
Fixed an issue which caused "Earn Bloodpoints" quests to not progress after abandoning a Trial as a Survivor.
Fixed an issue with the 2v8 "Kill Survivors" quest where it would not progress when Survivors were sacrificed in cages.
Fixed an issue where players could not complete the "Mad Skills" challenge.
UI
Fixed a crash which occurred when previewing certain rewards in the Rift Pass.
Improved stability when moving between menus.
Fixed a crash which occurred when displaying a large quantity of completed quests.
Fixed an issue where the Pin/Unpin Quest sound effect was missing.
Fixed an issue where the Gamepad cursor on PC would disappear and be replaced by the PC mouse cursor when going into the Quests menu.
Fixed an issue where the infinity sign was missing from the reward alert when tiering up to infinite tier in the Rift Pass.

