# FAQ | THE HALLOWEEN CONTENT - BHVR
Source: https://forums.bhvr.com/dead-by-daylight/kb/articles/531 (consulté le 27/09/2026)

Why will The Shape and Laurie Strode no longer be available to obtain after 19th January 11am 2026?
As with all Live Service games, frequent updates and additions are to be expected. With The Shape and Laurie Strode our focus continues to be ensuring that both characters legacy remains within our games for fans who have unlocked them or plan to do so before 19th January  2026.
The Halloween DLC will be removed from all Platform Stores at 11am ET 19th January 2026 and the characters will no longer be unlockable in-game at that time.
What will be the last date to unlock Halloween content?
Halloween fans will still be able to unlock the characters until 19th January 2026, so we encourage those who have yet to acquire The Shape and / or Laurie Strode (as well as their cosmetics), to do so before that date.
If I own the DLC or the characters separately will I still be able to play with them?
Yes. Any content unlocked before 19th January 2026 deadline will still be playable in game.
What happens to the Characters Perks?
The perks will remain unlockable in the bloodwebs of the respective characters with the original names and flavour text, if you’ve already unlocked the characters prior to 19th January 2026.
For players who have not unlocked the characters, the perks will appear in the General perk pool to be available to unlock on any character immediately. These General perks will appear under new names.
What happens to the Haddonfield map?
After 19th January 2026 the map will no longer appear in the map rotation.
Will I still be able to level up The Shape and Laurie Strode and obtain items / addons for them?
Yes, you will still be able to invest your Bloodpoints into both characters as long as they’ve been unlocked.
Will I still be able to Prestige the characters after they have been removed and receive the Prestige Rewards?
Yes. If you unlocked the characters prior to 19th January 2026 you can still level them up in the normal way and unlock the three Prestige cosmetics as well as the three Perk charms.
However, the other cosmetics, will need to be obtained from the in-game store prior to 19th January 2026 as these will no longer be available after that date.
What happens to the Achievements?
The achievements will be made into generic achievements (not character specific). However, they will be also unlocked automatically if you have already completed the character related achievement. Your current progress will also remain.
If I have unlocked the Halloween DLC / Characters, will I still be able to Stream with the content?
The content will remain in the game as long as the content was unlocked prior to 19th January 2026  and will remain available for all players, streamers, influencers etc. There are no restrictions on streaming any content associated with the Halloween Chapter. We encourage players who have not yet unlocked the content to do so before the content is removed.
If there are any bugs or issues with either of the characters after January will they still receive fixes?
Yes, we are still supporting both characters in the game and will be able to make any bug fixes if needed.
Can we obtain outfits after 19th January and will more cosmetics become available?
The last opportunity to gain any outfits associated with the Halloween Chapter will be 19th January 11am ET. There will be no more future outfits made available so we encourage players to head to the in-game store ahead of that date to ensure they’re able to unlock the cosmetics whilst they are still available.
Can I receive a refund as the DLC is being removed from the Store?
The characters associated with the Halloween DLC will still remain fully playable in-game if unlocked prior to19th January. Players who have unlocked them will experience no changes in gameplay or overall experience; therefore no refunds will be issued.
Will I still retain access to the content I have unlocked if I cross-progress my account using the BHVR account (retaining access on a different platform)?
Any content previously unlocked will remain unlocked even if you choose to Cross Progress your accounts, for more information please check out the FAQ on what content is available for
cross progression here
LAST CHANCE SALE
From December 18th to January 18th you are able to get the Halloween DLC at a reduced price including associated cosmetics from our in-game store.
Also on the following platfoms there will be
50% reduction
on the Halloween DLC
Steam: from December 18 - January 18
Epic, Xbox: from December 19 - January 18
PlayStation: Dec 22 - Jan 21
Switch: Dec 22 - Jan 18
